You know what I do is writing for the kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, the most read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and nobody has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk about circles and epiphany.
And you know that an epiphany is usually something that falls out somewhere.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bolthea.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, at Stanford, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they hit every week in the bathroom of the kids, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life by allowing me to go into the teacher's bathroom.
I did it in secret.
for three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, at night at night, I got a phone call from that master, the lady post he said,``I need to see you.
And I'm disillusioned that adults never come to know.
You could come to Ohio, please bring that man I know you've found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand up with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see, we laughed, we cried, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found it a place, we interacted, and we took it out and we commissioned her family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a bank box, and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed, it had become a circle -- and that epiphany I talked about was made in itself.
The epiphany is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy to talk about this today.
It also needs -- needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separate from nature and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first pictures.
I was amazed.
My heart fast, I was scared, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The guys around me were surrounded from the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't even think that it was a snowflake on another cup of snow after year.
The pictures are born when they get rid of glaciers or break the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some people refuse to stand up and go down to the end, whereas others can't get it more and break into a dramatic passion . .
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that are separated and only, largely as we see us sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts water, it releases rich water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I got to photograph these pictures as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are that way and you won't exist that way again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of its way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the iceberg that photograph is very young -- it has a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg I photographed in Keplers, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to come to really present a rolling iceberg.
Here you have.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five feet.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your planning line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the boat has moved into the other side and the man is standing there.
This is a program of Greenland, average size.
Around about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so no, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of them to get a baby . OK.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much on the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, they're not going to pay attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the sperm X of the sperm joined the X chromosome of the egg.
They both predict and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my activity, I tend to get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the history of anatomy.
I'm a historian for training, and what I study in this case is the way people adore anatomy -- I mean, human and animal bodies, how they have considered the body fluids, the idea of the body; what they've thought about the body.
The other role that's going to play in my work is an activist, as a patient advocate, or, as I say sometimes, impact of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with celestial twins, two people inside one body.
I've worked with people with standard, much lower people than average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical topology doesn't fit in male schemes and conventional female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it intersectional.
The intersection adopted many ways.
So, I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't fit into male or female forms.
For example, there is the case of the individual, original basis of the North chromosome, which gene SETI of chromosome is telling the proteins, that we all have in the fatal life, which become testicles.
And then, in the fatal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lack of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of income to the coaches.
So, there are high levels of testosterone, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body develops following a typical female course.
When you're born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until the puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes something is happening.
After making tests realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think it's a man, but it's not really like this.
Women, like men, we have in the body something called supernatural glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Superintelligent glands produce animals, the hormone of masculinity.
Most women like me -- I think about a typical woman; I don't know its chromosome structure; I believe to be a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to the coaches.
We produce animals and we respond to animals.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the annuals that the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of instability to animals.
So sex is a complicated thing . It's not that the international ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I received a call from a 19-year-old boy born and raised as a vary; I had girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, I had a life like a kid and I just discovered that I had ovaries and uterus.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as supernova hyper-control.
He had 20th chromosomes, and in the uterus, supermarket glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were manipulated, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
He was born with a child, no one suspects anything.
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by internal menstruation, when the doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interaction.
Some of the people with 20th chromosomes develop what's known as optimisms, that is, they have viral tissue wrapped into testicular tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are lots of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- -- they're flat, time twins, or international surgery, they are not to be able to sleep from a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that you have several surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity; presumably, to be black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with capitalism.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside a body.
The latest case is last year with the South African Coral corridor, and he put on a trial of trial in the Berlin International Games.
Many journalists called to ask,``What test are you going to do to determine whether Casey semen is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such test.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a line between men and women or between men and international and international and international, and we are the ones that we treat that line.
So, what we have is a situation where the more we get science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomy categories that correspond directly with stable identity categories -- are much more diffuse than we thought . .
And it's not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than the terminology allows.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
So, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact of the fact of them in just a few nuclear?
And as we're progress in science, we get more and more on an awkward zone where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at first and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the fetus.
There are very advanced discussions today, maybe not in public, but I know within medicine about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to see them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it moved, they still didn't understand it.
If I stopped moving it.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics, I'm a progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I'm nervous.
I'm going to think that these categories are much more unstable than we thought about.
Think about the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension, I have to admit that I'm an admiration of the founding parents of the founders.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find every so much looking at that music,``177,867"and not by music, which is completely passive.
That's why it happened in 1776 with the founding fathers.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explains why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept, and they would replace it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as you all remember, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of monarchy, and the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they were clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power on the right of the blood right, transmitted from grandfather to father and then to the child, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomy concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomy differences . That was very radical.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an illustrated system that they were having two things.
The democracy was wasting, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the story of the founding fathers, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power being transmitted by an idea of a law right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look at, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were being transferred by the idea of anatomy coincidence.
And in doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And the women succeeded.
Then I came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the spinal Russian Red, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men on the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying,``I am a man . . ''
Again, color people who encouraged the anatomy condition about the anatomy difference, and again they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the coincidence, we have to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some of the chemical divisions in our culture.
For example: I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give us to the anatomy.
I don't mean that five years old would be allowed to have sexual relationships or marry.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, to keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two things that were conceived at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 in 1980.
Henry, on the contrary, was born in terms of March 1 , 1980.
By the fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because I was born later.
We found other features in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered a man -- I haven't told you if it's 3D, in virtue of being considered men now is passion of the mandatory shaming that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage as Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still provide an animal categories that in many ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advances so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is climbing us.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example: Texas at some point has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have chromosomes and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make any of people's exams.
But this is also very strange, given the story that I told you at the beginning of the support syndrome to animals.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I Have Dream"offer a solution.
It says that we should judge people``based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I also want to point out that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to ensure people right to people, because I've been able to admit that I know that I know that they probably deserve the social services that some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some barriers that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships than I know . .
So how do you put the issue of the content content?
It's very difficult.
And one part of me is wondering what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States continues to guide this current of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like Iran in which a man who feels attracted to other men is suspension of being killed, unless he's willing to get a sex change, where it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made light twins, and then separate them, and that's how her fame will get.
But when the phone was asked by the phone, I was asked by a very risky operation, and he replied that in that other country, these kids would be very battered, and therefore I had to.
And I said,``Well, has you considered the political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America offers enormous possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the good of the state.
So, I think we need to be to the head.
Well, to end I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think of what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there can be different ideas coming from different animals, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intersection, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that have been interested in is the differences between men and women in the way to think and operate in the world.
And what we know about traditional studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to the complex social relationships and to worry about those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in graduate, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in feminism -- I was considered feminist, as I now made a strange plant.
\" Tell me what the feminist is . ''
And I thought,``It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with destroying gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've thought about her question, the more I have seemed to be female in feminism.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attentive to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable social relationships.
So, while the parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people on the part of the state, it's possible that, having increased mothers more to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: to think less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and think more about relationships.
So, as we try to create a more perfect unit, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, at this point we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to receive them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth much more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world dozens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who want to live in apartments are already owners, and that half the other would still be missing to do it.
You could try to increase the ability to make birthday in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem you're facing is that those buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid the appliances and the distraction of building.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those amplifications.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate the construction rather than putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new reform zones in order to contain cities, and I gave them a name: cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge of Honduras reform.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honduras went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Diet wolves was absolutely reported with a platform in which I promised reforms and the same reconciliation.
He asked October to be his head of cabinet.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of users with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of low cities to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies like rules to progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to eighth a link with TEDTalk.
He showed it to Javasa.
They called me.
They said,``Let's introduce this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December, we met in Miami, in a conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City, and you see, the terrain that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low city is a place where you start with passive terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will be applied there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the President of Honduras called me, and he said that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our own country.
He asked me to go to Mechanical and I would talk back four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, who was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
This airport only covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the holes that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that measured at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 hectares.
All the world clapping completely.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said,``Professor Roman, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk Talk.
I have this here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained how essential a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice from a city to which you might be in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away to the North.
And it also included new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of Honduras's government would need help from associated countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them to establish and make the standards of the status, so that they could all trust that the status effectively shows.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is there.
It could be easily a thousand square kilometers.
And shortly after the 19th of January, they voted in Congress to send their Constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special regions of development.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress to the favor of this constitutional power was 124 to one.
All the parties, all the factions in society, supported it.
To include in the Constitution, you have to approve twice in Congress.
On February 17th, it was approved again in another voting, from 114 to one.
Immediately after the voting, from 21 to 24 of February, a delegation of about 30 Indians went to two places in the world that are more interested in engaging cities.
One is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that's built in South Korea; it's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and then allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the ultimate instruction for this new judicial system.
There are urbanisms and construction of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies that want to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world, there are 700 million people who say they'd like to immediately change another place.
There's one million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to go and get a job; sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Sadly, sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What does it seem to think about insisting for families to choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Indian friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesse, and this is my validity.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with suits.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog, attached, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of market markets and second shops.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand shops allow me to reduce the impact of my guardian in the environment and my wallet.
I come to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my aspect is unique; and buy it becomes my personal search quest.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it my workshop?
Will I like color?
Is it less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Going back to my validity, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what about someone who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven inner clothing pairs, and nothing else.
Internet clothes for exactly one week is everything I've put in my validity.
I figured it would be able to find everything else I'd like to use after to get here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know like the woman who walks at TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
As I do, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You can always see you get phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, took me 55, and is the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physiological impossible to be human, when you're looking at a bright red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is survival.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you surround the right people, you won't just understand you, they will also appreciate you.
Wednesday: the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it looks like I play the flaws, or I remember their age of seven.
I like to hold them and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you see you well with something, it's almost safe you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'll explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your interior and outside, there's no look as you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anybody in this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Friday: A universal truth six words for you: The golden legislations go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I'm going to develop a kind of personal way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and again when people came up with this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
This obviously is not going to go into my little validity.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson that I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to get emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit, , if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can split in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we use a scale to measure the altitude of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be someone who is completely logical.
This would be someone who is totally intuitive.
So, where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of these extremes, but I think for most of the intentions of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a great altitude in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to keep these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need quite intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We can play with them, and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be only in a place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, developed it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow the transcend, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when you play with their particles, they find that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can attract walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point, the physics was a few years ago; you needed quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That doesn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody saw a particle.
But it doesn't fit right to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the little particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then it shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't . .
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I was proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal bit I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a pretty good approach to the small shot of metal.
What we see is a small little bit of metal, with form of springboard and that's supported on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I put all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this origami with form of swimming swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but it needs a little bit of help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm on an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up, I stop doing those things, because I don't want to bother them, or, actually, scare.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that smokes it and the wind that goes on to their side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal, you behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to push all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn the lights, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree per example . .
Now, when you're just on the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measure their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly, I was vibrating, and the way it was vibrating was like a breath like this -- like a forest that expands and contract.
And by giving a smooth, we were able to make it vibrate and it doesn't fly at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant thing and doesn't fly at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case, all the atoms that make that metal piece are like, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain times when those are alignment.
In the rest of time, they're depressed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which at the same time means that all the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Really.
It's worth walking into a clean room to do this for all those years, because, watch this, the scale difference between one atom, and that little bit of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why not you too?
I mean, it's my logical part that speaks.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you act in your consciousness if your body was thrown down in space?
There's another part of history.
And it's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal kept there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just doing in a small space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep queerness of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy . .
And 18 months ago, I did another work in Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on demo.
There's a lot of stories about why we did.
I think my own story is just explaining to this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
And a great deal of education -- I didn't complain, but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working in Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better that I show the demo to then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've conducted from their launch.
So just, we go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the False Gallery, the MoMA, the Emplies, the Rubber, the Van Gogh.
Actually, I'm going to go into one of my favorites, the Metropolitan, the New York art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, Pam! We're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Mumbai or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and they're fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open up the foreground, and with one click, we jumped inside.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the hall.
Keep ahead . That's fun!
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't reached the best.
I'm now in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Computers'``The Mechanisms'"in the Metropolitan.
I see the sign.
If the museum shows the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all the metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the pigeon technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I believe, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``What do you get with 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can run around very simple ways.
You see funny things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you would really want to dive.
So I started playing, and I met something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I came in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
I investigate a little bit, I talked to some people at the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear],"which is to hit a piece with a stick, the Tuesday Tuesday.
And it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to go through the image, so you'll really see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is coming, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the brush?
What if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
He's augmented it and really does it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``The Night Street ,"I think I've never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another favorite function of my favorite functions.
There are many things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called collections.
All of you, absolutely all, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives the same.
You can online creating your own museum, creating your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter -- I've created this function that I call``The Power of Monday ,"-- we just did a corner around.
This is``The ambassadors"in London National Gallery.
You can encourage things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you're contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things don't really come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, I'm doing justice to your artwork, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that I'm doing today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is not.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon to everybody.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy are growing up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that there's been something very interesting in formula 1 careers in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a Rome 1 career, I took a budget and I bet it to a good pilot and a good car.
If the car and pilot were good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called a real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an accident.
Today the interesting thing is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming free computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and they can be detected and actions.
Conditioning cities is big.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's crust, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detection and activation are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition from Paul Antarctica for the late year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talk to Me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start talking to us.
In a way, it's like almost all the existing atoms become sensors and actors.
And that's completely changing the interaction that as humans we have with the outer environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo angel ...
You know, when Michelangelo schools, I sculpt the Moses, he's said that at the end, I took the hammer, and I ran it to the Moses -- you can still see a little bit under a little mile, and he said,``Hey, don't you talk? ''
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts talking to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples; I insist in the idea of taking the environment and embracing something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer in the summer of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of them remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end, Zimbabwe gave the head.
And anyway, in the end, I won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day by watching activity happened on the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the Ting River.
It's morning, before the game.
The timeline is at the top.
At the early evening there are people over here and there's a call, moving.
The game starts: silence.
Google of France . Italy.
So, people do a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of the regular time.
First time; second.
Zipla, and at a moment, head.
wins Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big peak.
The next day they all went to the center of the winning team and the first minister at the time.
And then everybody goes down.
You see the picture of the place called circus Mass where, from the Roman time, people will celebrate; it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how today you can measure the city pulse in a way that we would not be able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the proportion of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a few small tags to track the trash in its deployment by the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently more than a year ago, to tag out what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway they would.
Then we put a little chip, a label, to trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results that are obtained.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of institutions in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist before.
There's complicated things happening, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we shine don't disappear, that is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw on one day, it still goes there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assange Bermin, could tell us a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zarca.
He started with a question of the city mayor, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology be, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was, imagine that you have a chaos and valves, soldier valves, links that open and shut.
It creates like a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you fall the pixels, you can write on them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open up so that we can go through, as you see in the image.
We presented this to Mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And it took a commission to design the building into the expo of the expo.
We call it Digital Water Pavilion.
All the building is made of water.
There's no windows or windows, but when you're approaching it, you open up so you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered in water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the salvation, you get down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be someone in the winter, when you go down the roof, someone who was there and said,``Defend the building . ''
No, it's not that they have been demolished, but when you get down almost all the architecture disappears.
Here it is in work.
You see the people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am to try not to get wet by testing the sensors that open water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zarca came to the building because the way we interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that would be opened to let you go, but a building that kept making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump out not to get wet.
And for us, that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think of the use that people will give our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels, and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and you had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in sync.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen appears in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a 3D pixels cloud that you can zoom up, and go through, and see from very different angles.
This is the real controlled Flickr, going down to form a V, like before.
When you turn light, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each one of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bell -- one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City star, and the Milan State star to capture their 3D movements and use them as an entrance for the Flickr.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pixels, the capture in different resolutions.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as movement capture.
You can reconstruct the whole movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for the Flickr.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment as a cloud of clouds like the grain of grain, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could make all of them to give you a little bit of a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible across the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, the physical world.
In our case, this may be we wanted to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do you go from digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that real cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, it's covered from pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see it from below, to serve to share the primary moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up to, like a new top of London.
You can go in there.
As if it was a new digital headlights at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than they are?
Suppose I would tell you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more accurate, more quickly and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better ways, be stronger, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
What about good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What would you like the most?
What would you like, if you could choose something??
( Audience member: Creativity .) creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . It was probably the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many chose memory?
A few more.
And the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have something from this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or can it be possible?
Evolution has been a website here at the TED Conference, but I want to give you a doctor to look at a doctor on the subject.
The great generation of the 20th century, CAT . DNA, who also joined at the Oregon Russian Church, wrote an essay called``Nothing in biology makes sense except to evolution . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution, consider this: is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, right in an extreme, is, of course, the one that we're interested in.
We have a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervention, there's been maybe 20 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we are very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually, in most of the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, that it comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- you know that we all take on the most bacteria of the bacteria that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damascus raises you about the exception -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, it's very ugly.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort from their part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what would the future do?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary equilibrium as a species?
Or to become something different, something maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast unfinished symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief, animal kingdom, like one and only single companies, and human life, a little note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was a college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, each cell simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start changing.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that's happening, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you might say that the inevitable of death of the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, death by sex; it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year, it had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burns, who still acted on Las Vegas in their 90s.
And one night someone hit their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent linear dancer of clothes.
He looks at it and says,``Come on looking for a sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working on a different target to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and healthier.
Evolution is to spend the genome to the next generation, adapting and surviving generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbit level and then let the sea fall.
I think we all understand Woody Allen, when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the bigger or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
At the bottom of the ocean, the mobile bacteria that you can survive to the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish on the vacuum, yet they've managed to make that an unfair environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward, the next phase -- I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first, we've known a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and removed from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment to be adapted to us as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated, we shut up, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the necessary isolation for evolution.
A second possibility is that you produce a traditional, natural evolution, tax for nature's forces.
And the argument here would be, which is that the gears of evolution are sold, but they are unbelievable.
And in terms of isolation: when as a species we collect distant planets are going to exist the isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way.
But there's a third possibility, attractive, intriguing and terrifying possibility.
The neurological call, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we're going to take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
First we consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected at individual and family level.
Just think that if you were possible to be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body, do the genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do the genetic changes to eliminate diabetes or Alzheimer's risk or reduce cancer risk or remove the leverage?
Wouldn't they want to make those changes in their genes?
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demand 13 years.
It cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The year after you've finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three four months.
Today, you can get a whole sequence of the three billion base pairs of human genome to a close cost to the $20,000 and in a week.
It won't be missing so much to make the human genome for $1,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that's produced human insulin insulin can make viruses that are not only going to protect ourselves, but they're going to induce immunity against other viruses.
You believe it, or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing influenza in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of tobacco?
That's true today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible.
So imagine just two little changes.
Can they change the cells of their bodies, but if you could change the cells of their offspring?
What if you could change sperm and villages, or change the newly facilitated egg, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminate the devil, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who does not want healthier children?
And then that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce the changes to prevent diseases, will also allow us to adopt happiness, happiness -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson machine?
Why don't you have a very fast contract muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irresistible.
And when we're in conditions to go through this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful, more successful society?
Or are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vulnerable?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound of all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit necessary wisdom to make these decisions wisely?
For good or for, and before what I could think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, click.
click, click, click, click . Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the 21st.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and said,``No problem . We probably beat some birds . ''
The pilot had seen the airplane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the airplane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It turns out the engines.
Imagine being on an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most conservative words I've heard.
He said,``preparing for the impact . ''
I didn't have to talk about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror . life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to and I didn't, all the fences that I wanted to repair, all the experiences that I wanted to have and never had.
While I thought about that later, I came out a phrase, which is,``College came bad . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to clap anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is when we avoid the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't a -- I thought about,``Wow, I really feel a big deal.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, and my mistakes have tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I'm sorry the time it wasted on things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media at that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels about wonders.
I don't try to be right; I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock goes down,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of,``Wow, I'm not afraid.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness is in a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first degree, not much artistic talent -- still . and scream, cry, like a little . .
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great parent.
Especially, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I got a miracle, not dying that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility of looking at the future and coming back and living otherwise.
You know, you're flying today, the challenges to imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please don't -- but imagine, how would you change?
What do you do, you still expect to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do you change their relationships and the negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best fathers who can?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most cool thing I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDTalk.
TMM was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said,``Dad, I feel a toilet in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes.
Her work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so that, obviously, graffiti is kind of intricate that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDTalk, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, isn't that you see Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anyone to see the film``Scalable and butterfly"?
They communicate in that way -- they're looking at the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I presented me with the only wish to deliver a check, and instead of that I signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover.
He engaged me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony's going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make her art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside you can't communicate it . ''
So I talked at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Greek Research Lab, who have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface and then, with a laser pointer, draw about that and record negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First you start with sexual organs, then with the bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so the journey started.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side to another, we had made a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of insurance companies, and we got a machine for TEDWomen to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it Kosovo because speaking to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers from all over the world literally from all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the children and I, we moved into the garage back and these hackers and programmers and computers and analysts took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid, and that when we would go back, they would have taken off the frames of the walls and instead would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the shipping ride of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called``Einstein ,"and you can see the description.
These are a couple of cards of cheap sun that we bought in the shipping ride of Venice Beach, some copper wire and House Department and Radio Shack.
We take a Palestinian camera, we open it, we mounted it on a light of LED and now there's a device that is free -- it builds yourself; we published the free code, the software goes down in free ways.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There's no hospital that can say``no . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you . That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDTalk room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's their room.
There was all this crowd and advantage during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony went back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the station of the hospital.
And he went back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you would imagine what was the feeling in parking.
The funny thing was that we had to push in parking, so we felt like we were beating graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what was telling us,``This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone eventually came to rescue and would get out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion, developing . .
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and faster.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong took something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 inventions of 2010, and it was really great.
The best of all this -- and this is what ends up close the circle is that April this year in the McDonald of the Angeles is going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best exponents of the British urban art, September Faire, Christians all are going to be there.
TEDTalk is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you look at something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of what's in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Craft nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm never a programmer, I never did anything with hidden recognition technology; I just acknowledged something and associated with wonderful people in order to make it happen.
And these are the questions that I want all of you to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do . If it's not now, when it's not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by moving into genetically very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard . .
I worked in a mining mine -- dangerous.
I film in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous . .
And I spent 30 days eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a large part of my career, I've been diving into horrible situations with the only goal to try to try and look at social questions in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully to analyze them in a way that they look at and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsorship I wanted to do something a different.
So some of you may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I pulled an airplane in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of my TEDTalk's name of TEDTalk.
What was the next thing:``Hunter America President: my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it's about and on content could exploit in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even with that soldier, I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't be told with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could be prepared, nothing could anticipate, for something as difficult or as dangerous as I get to the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Superhabit: I want to make a film that deals with product collection, marketing and advertising, and that all film is funded with product, marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call``The largest movie ever sold . ''
What happens in``The biggest movie ever sold ,"is that everything above the bottom, from beginning to end, has images of brand, all the time -- from the argument that appears before the title, the X brand . check.
Now this brand, All Alcohome Standard, the Center States.
These people are going to be associated with film to perpetual -- forever.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Khan: It's redundant .) That's what? (MK: It's redundant .) Perse forever?
I'm a redundant nightmare . (MK: I just say it.
It was``A personalized . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the X-ray sponsor in the title, but we're going to make sure we're going to get all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most cool car that you've built in``The largest``The Greatest movie ever sold ,"the best suit you've drunk,``The largest movie ever sold . ''
Kair Kach: The idea is then in addition to showing the brands as part of life, making them funding the film?) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the full film is transparency.
You'll see all the process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film, from beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO will help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
LG: However, I don't know how recovery people are going to be.
MK: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it will repeat? (MS: No idea .) David Cohen: How much money do you need to do this?
MS: One million and a half million . (DC: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but no doubt will be worth convincing a couple big brands.
MK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we see like a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Rudior: Most of the answers will be not.
MS: But will it be hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: Okay . (MK: Okay . Awesome.
MK: We have to think about which brands.
MS: Yeah . (( MK: That's the challenge) When you look at the people you have to treat ...
MK: We have some places where to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn the camera.
MS: I thought``turn off the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means``We don't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS: And so it was, one for one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed; I thought the concept of advertising, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make that so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the scenario of separated media, isn't the idea to tell you that new vehicle worthy of attention that's going to lead to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a salary mistake and that mistake was this.
Actually no, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you search for images of transparency in Google, this is one of the first pictures that appear.
I like your way to roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen; easily understandable, that is characterized by the visibility or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians, the president, even the CEO, even the CEOs.
But all of a sudden, when it comes to it, it does something that's suddenly changed.
But why? Well, transparency da fear -- like that weird bear that's still going on.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it risky?
Take a whole bowl of Coke White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and saying we wanted to tell this story, they said,``No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is looking at me as he used to say,``Son, there are three sides in every history.
There's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiddi from many years realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off the middle and go to companies myself with my whole team.
So what I started to see suddenly -- what I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies, and others who make small movies, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies, giant, say the reason their films are so successful is due to the associated brands they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the film is called``The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to be specifically going into the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my button, you'll see the Danger Desert.
Any time during an interview with someone can say,``Are you good for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you get married.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview . ''
And there I offer one of these fabulous weapons.
So much``fusion Florida"as``paradise winds"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for woman, solid, ball, bar, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a very embarrassing look.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller movies you tell; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, reminding people is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bay?
Batman is in white.
KF: That's a great question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in armpits.
Man: We talk about something audacious, cool.
I think``fresh"is a great word that actually puts this category in positive versus the smell of smell and sweat.
It keeps you fresh.
How do we keep you fresh more time?
Things like the benefits of the benefits.
MS: And that's a multinational company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the guy on the street, to people like me, to the commons.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: My brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: I'm going to review the '80s, population published unless it's a laundry.
MS: Okay, what is the Mark brand?
George: something unique . (MS: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have to be like a dark glamour.
I like the dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I wear accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic conversation ,' Mercedes Benz.
Man 2: The brand I am, I call it casual flight.
Woman 2: In part hippie, in part of yogurt, in part``Guinea Brooklyn ,"I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of pets.
selling toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because he gets the marketing.
Man 5: Failure headline.
Is that something?
Absence: I am a lawyer . .
Tom: I'm Tom . .
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often classify in the intersection of dark glamour ,' and casual flight . ''
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Ollinson Zamasa in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nets, February, Hallmark to discover that brand personality.
If you could do it for them, they would surely do it for me.
Audience: The photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your sense of being.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: Is that world? I think your world is the world where you live -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are original, and they start in a place, and in my case, they're original, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is,``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: how does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"-- what does that serve us?
What's the male?? What phase of guilt you find now?
Why is it important to reset? what is red?
Take a little bit about that.
A little bit more of you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of Russian mountain are you?
MS: Hey! (: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Yeah . (( MS: Yeah .) (MS: Thank you very well . )
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Lynn Zamasa: So the first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complex, in your brand personality, the Morgan Supermarket brand is a conventional brand.
They're very good together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only be focused on one of your strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to have -- and it's human nature to avoid things that are not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a fit, and you make something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can see here to Target, Wii, Min Cooper and Jewish.
Now there's a conscious brand and brands of conscious brands, those things that they've gone and come, but a two-way brand is quite powerful.
MS: A playful brand . What is your brand??
If someone asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you a bottom-up attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a descending attribute?
A bit more quiet, reserved, conservative?
ascending attributes are like being a playful to be cool like the prince, contemporary, adventure, attacked or audacious like European Flickrep, fast or agile, profane, mastery, magic or mystic like Facebook.
Or are you a lot of descending attributes?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 2007?
Are you established, traditional, provider, protection, you relate to Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, reliable, safe, sacred, contemplative or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Spain??
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, advisers and offspring, who said,``No ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they would have no control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscience, and we came to tell the story in this film of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing for cinema.
We went to St. Paulo where they've banned the advertising outdoors.
Throughout the city for the last five years there are no valleys, there are no posters, there are no wheel, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer, or that I've been more successful are the ones I've been interacting with with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They removed the intermediary, they removed their agencies, they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that's going to make people think, that will challenge the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did they succeed?
Well, since the film goes in the Sun-interest Festival, we take a look.
According to Burroughs, the movie is stressed in January, and since then, this is not all of us had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers just a two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, TV . .
The film is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in solitary.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talk about, they advise their customers not being part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you bring people out of that, you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the risk aversion, it's preparing all your business to lack rewards.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we need to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can scare.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
Let's open the fear . We open the risk.
From a discussion at a time, we have to embrace the risk.
And in definition, we need to embrace transparency.
Today, a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk``Artist transparency"has been presented by my good economists from economists who for $7,700, bought the rights of the name in eBay.
EM: To become great data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
ECX says,``We embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those $7,000?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a check at the name of the TED organization, the Space Foundation, a check for $7,000 to be applied to my TED attendance next year.
The idea behind the Sputnik computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the emission plant in Natasha.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we get these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we could put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confuse this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stuxnet.
We started with a Windows installation.
He goes into the gray box, damage the centrifuge, and the Iranian nuclear program is delay -- mission accomplished.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research about Stuxnet six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part: the installation was using multiple data vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us attention, and we started an experiment in which we infected our environment with Supreme and saw what was going on with this.
So they happened very strange things.
Sushibian was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese: it smelled, but I didn't want to eat.
I didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely directed . ''
The instructor is looking for actively in the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is actually working on that place.
If no, Stuxnet does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the goal is . ''
It could be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
We'd better discover the goal soon.
So we went out and we broke the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a little and a big one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots to attack.
You probably even know how much the operator does.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Studar install is complex and high-tech, let me tell you, charge is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here's a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty old assembly language.
I want to tell you how we could make sense of this code.
What we looked at at the beginning were called the system, because we know what they do.
We then look at temperatures and data structures and we try to relate them to the real world, with real potential targets of the real world.
We need theories about dinosaurs that we can approve or argue.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent limb, it should be a valuable white, and it's surely located in Iran, because the majority of infections has been reported.
You don't find a number of thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear energy plant in Bush and to the National emission plant.
So I said to my assistant,``Give me a list of all experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and put them in an effort to play their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we could associate the little digital eye with the control of the robot.
The rotate is that cell part inside the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you drive the speed of this route, you can certainly push it and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and discover in an obvious effort to return to the maintenance engineers, so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We try to figure out the big digital eyes looking very closely to the data and their structures.
So, for example, the number 164 overwhelming in that code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centrifuge centrifuge are built in Natasha, and I found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 160 centrifuge centrifuge.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it gets better.
These centrifuge in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code?
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So that's not going to be wrong . it wasn't.
The results have been derived after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in classics without exit, and we had to start.
Yet, we discovered that both digital eyes were pointing to one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors turn and relationships them, and the big eye is communicated with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the fate is.
It's Natasha, it's just Natalie.
We should not worry that other goals are achieved by Sputnik.
So here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, they really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is integrating the value values of sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And, believe it or not, these fake input data is prepared by Stuxnet.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robbery, the security camera feeds out of prepared video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to go to the operators at the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast . .
For example, on an energy plant, when the great steam turbine is happening, you have to open up valves in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't do a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed, then you can pass bad things.
The plant can explode.
And the operating system or the security system will notice.
That scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about it . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrifuge, with uranium growth.
It could also work, for example, on an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as an attacker -- that will disseminate this burden with a USB key, we saw in the case of Stuxnet.
You could also use conventional construction technology to disseminate it.
Disease the most possible.
And if you did that, what you would end up with is a massive destruction cyber.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences, and we better start preparing now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it has been public in many sides that people assume that the Moscow is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph London: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Yeah.
My opinion is that the Moscow is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one, and it's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise, our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take, and you give the sub-Saharan skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair, get up and walk back.
In``Berkeley Bionics"called these robots, exoskeletons.
There's nothing different from something that's put in the morning, gives one big force, which also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to handle balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other foreign entities.
This is not an unreal idea.
So to show you now in what we're working on, we start talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take over his back a 45 pounds load, and it's being reminded to get more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back , 30 percent of soldiers -- with back chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Hubble -- or the Portugal Human House.
Soldier: So, with the Hubble exoskeleton, I can put 90 pounds for variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in loops and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then raise my strength and my resistance.
Einstein Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Let's go back to the users of wheelchair users, which I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people about it, in wheelchair chairs, all over the world.
It's about one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens, very young people, with damage in the spinal column that when they start their life -- at 20 , 30 or 40 years -- they collide a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that's aging quickly.
Her only choice, many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from its successful appearance, as I can recognize.
So we decided to start writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EDI that's using Amanda Botanogy who's 19 years ago had an injury in the backbone, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bothear: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our EEG, which he mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crutches that send the computer signals on the board, here on the back.
There are a few batteries that give the engines to engines in the hip, and on the knees, and make it progress with this soft and very natural gait.
AB: I was 24 in the top of my life when, by a strange leap in the air, skiing down the bottom was paralyzed.
In a fraction of second, I lost all sensation and all movement of the pelvis down.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
Adaptation technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to slow down in the corner, climb rocks and even ride in hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit down and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change life to future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton, they practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
No, it's not the festival of the American Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos in Congo forests.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, that lived about six million years ago.
Now chimpanzees are known by their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, Bonobos society is in charge of females.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where the mortal violence is still not observed.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of big apes.
They live in the depths of the rainforests, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tank itself -- stage of violent conflict that has been being applied for decades and caused almost as many deaths like World War II.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting trade of hunting and deforestation make you can't fill a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by measuring trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the apes``do love, not war ,"because they have frequent, promiscuous and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the Kaaba Surf.
The bonobos, like humans, love to play along their lifetime.
Play is not just a child game.
For us, and for them, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavior diversity, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots itself of laughter, dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos that are taken from the wild . .
First, it's a Bonobo style game, and I'm not talking about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase,``It has the balls of the balls . ''
I just believe that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual play is common as well as in humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play like testicles and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is police.
The game is police, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is rediscover.
And I want you to see -- this is Fukushima, a young female, who's playing with water.
I think, like she, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and foreign worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future in which we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our comfort of adaptation.
To adapt with success to a world that changes we need to play.
But will we leverage our game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate play, they can be the most urgent time.
So primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York City, I'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I eat fires like captain assistant in a body of volunteer firemen.
And in our city, where volunteers have a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But there was still a career on foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found Captain, I was cooling in a conversation with the owner that I certainly had one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, discovering, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was, let's call it Leonardo Luther Lutual came first to the captain, and this was asked to go in and save the dog of the house.
The dog! I was hand.
There was a lawyer or a management of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a call building to save a living being just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an admiration.
He said,``Bezos, I need me to go home.
I need you to go up, go up the fire, and bring this woman a couple of shoes . ''
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, went to the real firemen, who had just finished off the fire, and went into the fourth main to find a couple of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back on the staircase where I met my New York and the precious dog on the main door.
We had the house for the house owner, where, as it was to expect, his treasure received a lot more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of the house, thanking the brave effort shown to save her house.
The kindness that she looked at the other was that someone had ever reached a couple of shoes.
So much in my calling on Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer friend, I witness acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they are to achieve, remarkable levels of success, I would like to remind you that they don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, let's take it now.
They serve food in a dining, clean a neighborhood park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we can influence someone's life.
So you get into the game; they save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1885 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, LIGO came up with this.
It was called a automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, the LED bricks came to every home.
Over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LIGO made it accessible.
LIGO just adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex circuits, a brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing laptops.
Let me show you how they work.
Little are these electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're ready to be light, sound, engines and sensors.
And the best of all is that they get together by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
bricks have a code of colors.
The green is the output, the blue is the current, the pink is the entrance and the orange color is the wire.
So you only have to assemble a blue with a green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A glass with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulator.
If you change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an interactive light.
We add this slide to create more impact, and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, literature are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, literacy allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind literature is that it's a growing collection.
We want all the interactions in the world to reduce bricks ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, motors; everything must be accessible.
We've given birth to kids to see them playing with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a light is working, or why the door of an elevator gets open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So, for example, designers no experience in electronics start playing with laptops as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and steak, we have George creating ...
A few weeks ago, we took little bits to the designers from Rhode Island's design School, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard and wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, an active fundraising cannon.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a launch of Play-Doh that has fear of darkness.
For these no engineers, literature became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to reach all.
So literature has open source.
You can visit the website, download all design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage with the environment.
distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can just take a little bit to carry.
We can -- we can keep the video better.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already a time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything they're supposed to stop; we ask them to work in government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and they would be like a Peace Project for technologists.
We selected some members every year and we put them to work with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World World, we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You know Al.
This is a city hydrant of Boston City.
Here it comes as if I would look for a quote, but what I really look for is somebody clean it when they're trapped by the snow, because it knows that it's not very good to get fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to help this very unique way?
Last year in Boston, we had an American member team.
They were there in February, and at that time, I had been a long time last year.
They realized that the city never cleaned these hydrants.
But one of the members named Erik Michaels noticed something else: the citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did any good programmer, developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrant.
You accept it when you snow.
When you do, you put a name, in this case I put Al.
If you don't, someone can break it.
So it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsible for the city of Honolulu City to see this app realized that he could use it, not for snow, but the citizens adopted tsunami.
It's very important to work these terms of tsunami, but people steal the batteries.
So it asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens look at the displays.
And Chicago just launched it to get people to record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without friction, organically and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you know that it doesn't happen normally.
So software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months . .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we've done it by the normal channels would have taken at least two and a half million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that even the moment has cost two billion dollars and doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that shows in a couple of days and spread in viral form is a kind of short shortcut to the institution of government.
It suggests the better way to work, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Neither as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the question of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of liquid institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America, but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel great frustration in that but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings on politics, the film in the DMD and all those other things that make us crazy, the government is, essentially, in Tim Okay words:``What we do together because we can't just . ''
Now, a lot of people have abandoned the government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government is.
And because the government in the last step of us -- remember that of``us, the people"? The way to think about it affect how to produce change.
I didn't know a lot of government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought the government was in choosing people to get charges.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, mostly, a matter of careers.
This is the telephone center of services and information.
It's the place that's going to get the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott answered this call.
I put``Zandylud"in the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the door door, put good music and see if it's going? ''
And it worked . OK.
But that was not the end of the courts.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and cell phone, called City Connecticut.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people from the office of the New urban Mechanical Mechanical Mechanical Mexico.
One day, this actually came up with this question,``Zamasa in my trash cube . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do to remove it? ''
The Diana Connecticut dynamic is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In Center Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I approached the place, I found the garbage behind the house.
Zarcinal? Yeah? live? Yes.
I turned around . I went home.
Good night, sweet suiter . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology of platform.
I talk about a platform for people to self-assemble and help others.
So, a citizen helped another one, but here the government had a key role.
I connected to two people.
And it might have connected to government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another one, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
Many people understand it, but they think one is the entrance of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote . .
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the superficial layer of 15 centimeters.
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that belongs to us that we finance as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we need to make bureaucracy sexy.
Because it's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That makes the Ocuonal movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the SET of the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it is time that we ask ourselves what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the huge challenges that they have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't preserve government, we need to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink root function so that it can expand to civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act automatically, just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28, so I, to graduate, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about; everyone will talk.
They can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, they don't care very much about their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make better work to government.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking weeds, dumping a garbage cube that has a sandwich inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hypertelets and many people do it.
But these applications are like digital reminder that we are not just consumers, we are not just government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a humble of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are saying here have impact around the world.
In times, if something comes from TED, it makes a sense and a force that would not have another way.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
We've seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you're taught with feeling, they can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, if it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up at a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started many of the arguments in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia, in Virginia.
She was born about 18 and her experience with slavery as a way to see the world.
She was hard, but she was also loving . .
When I was a little bit and I looked at it, she came up to me and he gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe and then relax.
One or two hours later, I would look back at it, and he was like,``Brian, you still feel my hug? ''
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
He had this human quality that would always want to be close to her.
The only problem is I had 10 children.
My mother was the top 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it was not easy to capture their time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went to the room and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and I looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at it and she smiles him, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she was lifted up, she took off the room, he grabbed me in my hand and said,``Come on Brian . We're going to talk to you . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mama . . ''
She said,``Now let you not do it ."I said,``Sure . ''
Then I sat down, he looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And I said,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do what you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mama . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise is that you would always want your mother . ''
He said,``She is my son, and you have to promise me to always take care of . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, Mama, I'll do it . ''
Then he said,``The second thing I want you to promise is that you'll always do the right thing though the right thing is . ''
I thought, and I said,``Yeah, Mama . I'll do it . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise is that you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, Mama, I'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a older year, and a sister one year older.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I don't know where I pulled them, grabbed my sister and me and went for the forest.
And we're just making the madness of always.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . It's okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on, today . And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too . It takes a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said,``What happens to you? I take a beer . ''
And I was clear with the force, and I went,``Oh, not you're still thinking about the conversation with breast . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mama tells all the grandchildren that are special . ''
I went away.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right type of identity, we say things to others that really don't see sense.
We can't get you to do things that don't believe power to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during the ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to her, we should engage.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is today very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today, there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in free freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so low, so much despair, so much despair for these facts.
One out of three black between 18 and 30 years is in jail or conditional freedom.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, from 50 to 60 percent of all color young people are in jail or in parole freedom.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that's going to be much better if you're rich and guilty, than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, it's wealth.
And we seem to be very quiet.
The policy of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not our problems.
We are disconnected.
It seems interesting to me.
We're looking at our work some really curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you're growing up right forever if you have a criminal sentence.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of black male population has lost definitely the right to the vote.
And if we tried it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they were approved the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where they're 13 to die in prison.
We have in this prison country for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In a certain sense, they have taught us to think that the final question is, are people deserve to die for the crimes that are committed?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we're in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for the crimes that are committed, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
In every nine people executed, one that is innocent, that is executed and liberated from death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent in every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it would never be allowed to even pilot airplanes if in every nine who would take off, you would be stressed.
But somehow we get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted to the Second World War.
We really don't know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being swollen.
They worried about being bombarded.
The threat of terror was what they defined their lives.
Now there are older people who get closer to me and tell me,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell them talks, you do speeches . Give people out of people who stop saying that in our history, we've developed for the first time with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . I mean we grew up with that . ''
The age of terrorism continued, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial supernova and separation.
In this country, we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All of the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflicts.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving lectures on death penalty.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's good to listen to what you say . ''
Adam: We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We'll never be able to have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said,``There's no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we could run people . ''
It's about this.
How do we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, I would run people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, yet involved.
We love innovation.
It fascinated technology . We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are embedded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my opinion, you need to integrate both things.
We lately talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of the life of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the destinations, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think of them is, in a way, something that's inside our self.
We have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
We are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas as well as heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the brilliant and dazzling, but also the dark and the difficult thing.
Barack Haiti, the great kid leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in East Europe suffering the oppression, we wanted all sorts of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, guidance for the spirit, a will for being in places of despair and being witness . ''
Well, that orientation for spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, that even in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There is no disconnect to technology and design, that allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's go back to you.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women just gathered together to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me, to say,``Brian, come the Mrs. Parks . We're going to meet to talk.
Do you want to come and listen? ''
I was like,``Yes, ma'am . I want . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen . ''
So I went and just heard them.
It was very powerful, very light.
And in one occasion, he was there listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Park went to me and said,``Now, Brian, I tell you that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We're trying to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the signs of life, without parole freedom for children.
We try to do something about death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in jails.
We try to end the massive incarceration . ''
I gave it all my best speech, and I ended up looking at me and he said,``Hmm hmm hmm . ''
And he said,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that point, Ms. Carter leaned up, he put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think, actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand, and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we've made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong to it, it's not that it's a block.
Even if someone kills another, it's not a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not wealth.
This is not.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very implication, very stimulating, we will not be judged by our technology, for our designs, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not by the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged, but the way they treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
In occasions, I feel designed . I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I make too much strength.
I'm tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sentenced with a lot of toughness.
I go to jail and I see my clients in 13 and 14, who have been adopted to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge become someone in what is not?
The judge is having a grown-up, but I see a child.
A night very late, I was awake thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think properly, but I started working on a motivation.
He had a 14-year-old customer, a little, poor, black.
And I started working in the motivation, with a competition that said,``Motoritation for my 14-year-old black client is treated as a 75-year-old privilege, executive of a corporation . ''
In the motivation, I found that there had been built behavior in the accusation, in police behavior and in the process.
There was a vivid line about how in this country there is no ethics, but a whole lack of ethics.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that inspired memory would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, I didn't just have it, but he had sent it to the court.
I had been forgotten about two months.
And I finally decided -- God, I have to go to the court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got out of the car . I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a older black man; it was the court of the judge.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He replied,``Is you lawyers?"I said yes.
So, I'm going to be passed and overwhelmed.
And I'll whisper in the ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was deeply connected with me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I walked into the audience room.
When I went in, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this wedding movement? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. went me ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came up with the cops, the prosecutors, the astronomers.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all the furious because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the yellowfin of the eye, I got to see what I was going and came.
He would look out the window and he had an accident to hear all that scream.
I kept walking here and there.
Finally, this old black, with the concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge described a recession.
During the shock, an assistant of the rent showed up because the rabbit had entered the room.
The assistant was absorbed on the old black old.
He said,``Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man to keep his view on the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds to justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to the frustration, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of the present people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . . What can we do?
BG: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will make an effort to remove the funds that are spending today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty over the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the cases of homicide don't get in arrest.
56 percent of the rapes don't get to anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This reference is going to propose that these funds are going to make that law turn to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you tell those who think that's like this?
BG: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not for crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why it comes up with this dramatic increase in prison population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people on the ground, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than making those resources back to their victims.
I think we need to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited about today today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . The police is the promise of O.C . spray.
Announcer 4: Parks five: Comet 5: shortage . .
Local 6: social decompile . Second seven : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Teszler's . License 9: cyberattacks.
Several locomotives: War to the farmer . mass destruction . Train.
recession . Bankar . final judgments . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could basically be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second one day, our senses get a lot more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called amygdala . .
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and recorded all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
That's why we're going to prefer to look at negative.
That old present from the press:``If there is blood, selling ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices give us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, it's not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think the world goes from bad.
But maybe it doesn't.
Perhaps, instead, what's really happening is we get distorted.
Perhaps the enormous progress in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: climate change, species extinction, water scarcity and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we are very good at encouraging problems, and in the long, we ended up with them.
So let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, the average income per capita adjusted by inflation has tripled all over the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kenya that global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
Many people forget it.
And we continue to put more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think about it today in America, a lot of people who live under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The magic bars of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology, and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology in this curve, Moore's Law, and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in achievement.
It's the result of quick computers used to build faster computers.
It's not stopping any of the big challenges.
And although it's recorded in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The rate of growth of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to the morning of Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we count today . with.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and distribute personalized production throughout the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nanotubes and A.I . .
I mean, how many saw the victory in Jefferson from Watson, IBM??
It was epic.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that would be.
And I loved this:``Watson serves human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
They play with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the cell phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to launch a company, or a product or service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago that would have been absurd.
We can point out a dozens of companies that have already done.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for each other on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that that is scarce and bringing it abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a NASA III story in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Simon.
Napoleon's troops ate silver covers, and the same Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Singapore ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it's more than gold and pleasure.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's tied by oxygen and silicon.
But then the electronics came and made the aluminum something so cheap that we used it as a disappointment.
Let's try this analogy to the future.
Let's think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet that's based on 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy therapies every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about access.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the general per diesel : 88 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity cost six cents per hour compared to the 15 cents of the national medium.
And if we have plenty of energy, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars by water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager Space spacecraft into Earth , 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture . What was called?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes , 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 0.5 percent of the water on the planet, but here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 20 years, but right now.
It comes the nanotechnology, the nanotubes.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the broccoli -- I'd like to share with you, and he gave me permission to do that -- his technology called Solidle may already know it is the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand liters of drinking water a day of any salt water source, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coke just agreed to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 256 countries on the planet.
This is an innovative innovation by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it on mobile phones.
Oh my God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by the end of 2013.
Think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of thousands and hundreds of thousands of GPS dollars, HIV, images, book libraries and music, medical diagnostic technology now goes down and lose market value with the mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they emerge in health.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Dug Foundation something called the Pristine X Muslim Prize , 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk about, and because they have AI, they can take, they can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the carbon charge is 25 and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize, call the health care and, first of all, avoid that pandemic happened.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the one billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We've just spent the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion to five billion users from the Internet.
Three billion minds of minds before you hear the global conversation.
What would these people want?
What will you consume? What wishes you want?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars embedded in the global economy.
And they're going to get healthier thanks to the Trick, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, educated, productive health?
What about some voices ever before?
What if we give the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What are these three billion?
What if you're contributions that we can't predict?
One thing that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by their passion with a clear target, can do extraordinary things -- things that they could only do the big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Food.
It emerged at Washington University, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be folded.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college teachers, each other.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were used and started playing it.
And it has shown that today's machinery recognition machinery is better for proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that we have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the architecture of the broccoli.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will be used to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The corridor of the point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You may believe that I would follow movies, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as very``common . ''
It was the grouper . .
It gets a lot of fish until the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the RNA Red list.
But we heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is that we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The leaflets still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept: the deployment of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lagoon was surrounded by palms, and as you can see, of a few mangroves.
There were thylacines from about 20 centimeters, the black beard.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant, and it was happening for a good moment, so it was earning more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the number of fish had halved half.
They ripe at five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was pleased in the introduction of the drag fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s Europe, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development meant to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called``The Mutant Four .".
I went out fishing on it, and we did studies in southern China Sea and, especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured was something that we captured.
We captured, now I know, the bottom of the sea.
90 percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are in the background.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs on the rest of a few remains, which are a coral reef fish.
In short, the bottom of the sea came to the deck, and then it was thrown out.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a life.
This is a dead turtle.
They didn't eat them . They downloaded them because they were dead.
We once captured a living . .
I was still not drowned.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you collect the fishermen every time they go to an area where they've never fished.
But it's not documented . .
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happen something like this.
On the y-axis, we have good things: biodiversity, number of offspring, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images that are received at the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate it forward.
The difference is they perceive loss.
But they don't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the substance of changes.
And at the end of keeping a few miserable remains.
And that, in large measure, is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or they're not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant, before you extend it, is little frequent.
You don't lose plentiful animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become very short because we fish them.
Over time, there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
The question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know that it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, to question that it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect it to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some people present, like captain such a lot of fish in this area can't use or, usually don't use the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientist . ''
So, we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in suspended societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can be able to make a protected marine area.
Because with the protected marine areas, we really recreated the past.
We'd read the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has been run and it's very low.
That's for the people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that provides, which allows you to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example??
I think that the arts and cinema can maybe fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a simulation of the Chesapeake Bay.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that nuances and longevity are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were moved with the film, not to talk about the story of the time, why do you get to get the images?
Because it gets something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, to do``Avatar II"under the water.
Thank you very much.
Hello . I'm Kevin All-A-A-like, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos get viral and how important it is.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedian -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today the web is making any of us, or our actions, copper narrative in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can be made on the Internet in a bloody.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage is made viral, it gets infinite vision and it gains culture.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participation communities and surprise factor.
Okay, let's start.
Beau Vacuum: Oh my God, my God.
God!
Wow.
GH, wow!!
KA: Last year, Ben Speed published this film out of his house at the National Park of Yosemite.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popular rise of the summer summer.
Beau doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called YouTube Mountain Beach.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kim.
Jimmy Kimber published this tweet that captured video to popularity.
The trend creators like Jimmy Kimber present us new and interesting things, and they beat them to a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You've got to start the Friday . Everyone wants it to be the weekend, the weekend . Friday, Friday, starting Friday . KA: You won't think we can have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Rebel Blackmore is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This chart shows the frequency of use.
Like``rainbow rainbow ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, they are also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday??
Well, I took her, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson from Mister Science Theater was one of the first people to do a joke on the video on Twitter.
But what's important is that one person or a group of trends of trends will adopt a view of view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about it and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 paradise from``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the twentieth century of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon by forcing it or doing something new with that.
\" Nondoly Cat"is a repetitive animation with a chord music.
That's what it is.
This year they saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know that there's a three hours version that's been seen four million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats to see the video.
But the important thing here is creativity that woke up between the technology of the Internet.
There were refugees.
Someone did a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community of remix came out of being a dumb joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``arc rainbow ,"or Rebecca Black or``Don Cat"?
What would you script to have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video come up with a minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way that these things have done.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the crowds in New York, I admit that I was not too interested.
Casey Now: I was beaten by not circular by the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevent you to circulate properly by the bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise effect and his humor, Casey Natasha made five million people saw and understood their idea.
So this approach is worth for all the new things we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vacube: What does this mean?
Ohio.
KA: What does this mean?
The trend creators, creative communities of participation, the totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new type of media, of a new culture, that we all have access to and is the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the world's current celebrities, Justine Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask for permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of old media, they're just the ones of the current media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still sweeping.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning the entire life work.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique and freedom hope of his country.
To imagine it as the communist comes in Sandis, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long friends, would be thrown out.
It was refugee in silence.
He died in the history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that be in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to clap, but we hold it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when you dawn quietly to the sea.
My mother, Maine, was just 18 when her father died, and a convicted marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a task alone: the escape of her family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year drop that challenges the fiction, a boat went down to the short sea of fishing ship.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirates, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother was wearing a poison cold.
If you captured us, we first would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant pace of the engine, the journey diving in every wave, and the vast horizon and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were deceived with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to go through six hours.
But I remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finished the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given for the men of the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we went down in Melbourne.
And the next piece of puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Follow, a sub-Saharan class suburb whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike middle class suburbs, whose existence I knew, in Fold, had no sense of the right.
The smells that provide from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragile English fragments were exchanged among people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car assembly line, working six days, twice.
Yet, I found time to study English and get an IT degree.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutoring in English and mathematics, no matter what would be removed, that it was usually clothes . It was always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because I had to last six years.
And there were weird singing and painful singing on the``strangers"and some graffiti,``Asian, go home . ''
A house, where??
Something in me is hardened.
He was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to overcome you . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we got on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother at home.
My mother suffered nightmares, all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then I studied to be stabilized and opened another business.
And the women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and influential, and kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical Asian student, involved with what I would call myself.
On the other, I was entered in president lives, tragically distilled by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But a lot of them received help over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected the young Australian young year.
And I was captured from a piece of puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so Le, I resident Food anonymous, it was now so Republic and social activist, invited to speak in places that I had never heard of name, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to remind the routine and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finishing the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling me about each day and staying asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom who couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got to the boat.
The``no"had ever been a choice.
\" I do ,"he said,``You're not what you don't . ''
So I talked about juvenile and education and destiny to the marginalized and the developed.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was requested to talk.
I met people from all the paths of life, many of them doing what they loved, living on the border of possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized I couldn't stay in a race race.
There had to be another piece of puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger, a newly arrived, new in the scene -- and not just that it's okay, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collaborating horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world broke, but not the way we fear.
possibilities that would not have been allowed, they were tremendously encouraged.
There was an energy there, a relentless optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I kept my intuition.
I joined a small group of people for the slogan``can't do"was an irresistible challenge.
For a year we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked up until the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I took the decision to move to the United States.
After a single trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later, I had moved, and the adventure was continuing.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when Congress was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother alone raised it.
At the age of 17, it became a grant of a Mandarin whose mother was beaten.
No support from his husband, he caused a return to demonstrating it and taking the cause herself, and much more comes back when I won.
It can't be done to be wrong.
He was at the shower at a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Melbourne.
I looked through the shower of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew he had come to go.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Fold and sat around his casket.
We told him stories and we made sure that we were still with her.
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the coffin.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand since the morning ,"said.
\" You haven't flap it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were, and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own children, and I wonder about the boat.
Who could want that to do?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a journey in their lives, suggesting brave on each wave, the constant rhythm of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give it and see it safe, I would.
Transport Neilands, and also the mother of the Time is today here today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story starts in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the starry sky, with the Sufi singer Muslim Ali.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the time of ancient Indian epidemic``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car, we cut the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Argentina, the great Indian warrior, had thirst, he had a bow, and with an arrow, I got water.
Now we do the same with limestone and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that's a lot of fun.
Every time I felt a little bit more about technology.
I was terrified of this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an alarm if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not kill it.
As my grandfather, my grandfather gave me his pick of pocket.
And this 1950s technological piece was for me the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate pirates and farmers in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras prevent us.
They provide our inspiration.
So I launched, I went to this technological world to see how to use magic, rather than killing it.
It illustrates books since age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a storytelling device able to connect to the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text together with image, animation, sound and touch.
The storytelling becomes more and more nuanced.
But what does that serve?
I'm about to launch Kyoto, an interactive application for iPad.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so -- he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In many times, I get a cartoonist -- the iPad knows where I live by GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic of childhood, to those ideas that we open from children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always became exciting.
So, over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And, really, they illuminate your path in what's the rest of the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated with a girl was that a whole galaxy would get a ticket.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ticket that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In every fantasy book, there's always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows, flower and guide for the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it also reveals.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary.
These are the scores.
We've all heard of the fairies and the girls, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the findings?
These poor scores have been trapped in the cameras of India for millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, attached to their PCs, they haven't come out the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: pales, stones, writers and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it anymore.
So to recover this ritual of childhood, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then tag it out.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it out.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox.
A child in India says,``Today I saw a monkey . .
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we've been able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated sheets that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and support them so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology is close to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic, joy and child love that we sit through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of health projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at Radio University was to give a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she had a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and met,``What happens? ''
\" How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everyone, or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia back . It's very simple.
It's got a percent on and off.
Every morning, I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well . So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when I need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style, but to look back.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I'm connected to my Wikipedia back, and before I go up to my car, people start to talk to me: Lucile, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's a pressure of the peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the next week, it will be available.
This little nanometer connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they return to control and to be captains of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medicine care, demand doubling and other issues.
It will make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also by corporate.
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation control in cars.
Maybe we even have them on our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Maryland.
Also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find chains of fast food.
But where is the closest DDT to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
No one knew where the DNA will get lives right now.
So what we did was we did corporate in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be, if you see a DDT, please send it, tell me where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open up in the hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DEPTHX, they were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Law, augmented reality, to find these DDT.
And every time you're in the city of Maryland and somebody collapse, you can use your iPhone, and the next week to use their Microsoft cell phone to find the nearest DDT, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to introduce this one, not just like DNA, which is the name of the product, but also like ARE.
And we want to start globally.
We're putting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the U.S. corporation around the world.
Every time you're on vacation and somebody collapse, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be messaging services or phone people, for example, to see if the DDT who shows is still in place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share me.
Or is it a photograph?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15.
He mixed with my passion before drawing, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the lung.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place, at the point.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that I would start by pressing the lung.
photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at once, but with the common objective of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say realism, I say photography.
Because of course, it's not something that can capture, but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
photos where you have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors?
Does the light intervene?
What creates the illusion?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective.
But at the end it is about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive in a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of the reality that we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
I'll show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly unimaginable objects, something we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in some ways can create something that seems three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining photographs.
It's really changing different realities.
And the things that make a picture look like realistic, I think they're those where we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs, it's very important to consider, because otherwise something is wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the picture of photos must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are coming up with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of different images with a perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was composed.
This is another example.
I could think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
And in the personal person, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in your head.
But it requires a much planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew it was several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the pieces of puzzle.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing trip.
The costs are a different location.
The undersea part was captured in a stone pit.
And yes, I even did the house at the top of the island to seem more Swedish.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think that it takes planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the photos, it can be very beautiful, and at the same time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide on technology, very boring.
If you can put it ...
It's a diagram that I took from a folder mine.
I'm not so interested in showing the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of MIT microprocessors versus the power of local area networks.
So what's interesting about this is that this, like many other people we tend to see, is kind of a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Speaking of technology with smash curves is a novel thing.
There's something strange here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we record technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some time unit, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to graph, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say much.
But if I graph, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a temporal curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But if something like this happens, it gives a qualitative change.
If the technology of transportation will advance as fast as the microprocessors, tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move into that pace.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a recorded growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to pose is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things will happen.
Or it will become a typical S curve, like this until it happens to something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this happen.
So we would now be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask about, and ask me, is, what is that new way that we adopt the world?
What new state is the world headed?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're immersed in it.
I remember that the future happened in 2000, and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future and see that the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something is happening.
It's a transformation . We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't have a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it will be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that, I'll have to talk a little bit of things that don't have much to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale that I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we got back about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized, we give us an idea of how things happen.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that is that, at that point, I had floating an oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the droplet grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive mobile forms, those oil droplet.
But those blobs weren't alive, in the current sense, because every one of them contained a random chemical recipe.
And every time they're divided, they had an unequal distribution of chemicals that they contain.
So every droplet was a little bit different.
In fact, the blobs that somehow differ to be better than time to incorporate the chemical chemicals, they grew more chemicals, they get more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemistry, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand these little blobs, they learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were to be able to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since two billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living being expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microscopes that I try to hide people for airport security.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA snippet and I amplified 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all the present; in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a egg, I'd put it in a virus and you'd have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells were happy another billion years.
But then another big step in which things became very different, and it was that these cells began to exchange and communicate information by forming cells of cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin, and they were approved to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are a lot of resistance to penicillin because bacteria are communicating.
This communication gave place to form communities that were in some ways together, and they set up a synergy.
So they would survive or fail together, which is that if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were represented more and they were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came up so much that, in fact, they came together and decided to write the whole recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and they produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
These started to absorb information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started to specialize within the community being responsible to record, understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not the evolutionary time period.
So an organism could, for example, learn how to eat a certain fruit, because he knew bad, and it gets sick the last time that I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system building these information structures dramatically accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual . .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If you think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea, a vague idea in your head.
And I'm sitting here, and I're sitting down, and hopefully building a similar, vague and confusing idea in his heads that I kept certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated to make it sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That's now allowing us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started doing abstractions.
Now we spend similar periods to multicellular organisms, we abstract our methods of record, presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the DRR and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that convinced us in something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Tennessee in which I had a certain evolution with the Conversation program, in our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the scales of time again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language of this, took less than a million years.
And the next, like electronics, seems to take only a few decades.
The process is feeds; I guess automation is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this explosion of the curve.
We see the process feeds.
But I make my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that jobs to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computing advances.
But now design objects that would be impossible to me to design them in conventional ways.
I don't know what every transistor does in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Think Macheloents, we think about a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine, and it does something that we didn't have before, far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from an random sequence of instructions.
We say,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequence of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of instructions at random, execute all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are more approaching numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could get two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
Take those and we eliminate the rest.
And we now reproduce the ones that the best ordered the numbers.
And we're going back to play you following a process of analog analog to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, you get children, that exchange subsidies, and the kids inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products of programs of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
New California.
It introduction some mutations.
And it tries again and repair with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that order numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, they are a lot more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, strange programs.
But they make the committed.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the target because they come from a lineage of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
Once I was in 747 with Margaret Minsky, and he gets a card and he says,``Look at this.
He says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer a safe flight ."it makes you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they're complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to do well different design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes ahead of us.
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster, so we can run these programs much faster.
I mean, it feeds.
The thing is getting faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are feeding.
We're getting off.
And we're at an analogous moment about the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoebas and we can't understand what the hell are creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant of our part thinking that we are the ultimate product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch and I think stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that has to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me . .
And I've exercise enough time to allow me to make a part of my fake.
Before I treat the theme of my talk, we talk a little bit of baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about getting``To Remove the rules ,"talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a battery that batteries 300.
That means that the battlefield is effectively bacteria, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball to the game field without being caught, and that anybody who's trying to launch it to the first base, doesn't come in time, the second base will be saved.
Three of 10 attempts.
You know what you call a 300 battery in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know what they call a 400 baseball battery?
By the way, that's somebody who's 10 hits, right four.
Legacy -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last Major League player in baseball to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'll tell you today.
Suppose you have apps, and they're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 in advances.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a remote place and a loved self has two observed coronary arteries and their family doctor would drop it to a cardiologist whose record in Afghanistan is 200 . .
But you know something?
She's actually improving this year.
And their actions have been 215,000.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon of a heart surgeon, of a nurse or a genome of a genome??
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the actions of a good surgeon, of a doctor or a paper.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I include, with the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, made a mistake and worry about figuring out how to do it right.
That was the message that absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said Brian Goldman studied until a blood exam.
So.
I studied in my little wish, in the research of nurses from the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my kind of anatomy, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the shortcut, the distribution, frequent differential diagnosis.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify kidney tubes.
And the more and more knowledge.
And I was very good; I graduated with honor.
And you get from medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or the most possible, close to everything, because that's what I'm going to do from mistakes.
And it worked for a time, until I met Mrs. Draughter.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought Mr. Draughter to the emergency service, where I worked.
At the time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when I was emergency, I used to get a cardiologist to go to a cardiologist.
And I'll report to the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Draughter, I was waving.
I heard a resilient sound.
And when the audience, I heard a sound left on both sides, which gave me a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it was not hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I started working on the treatment that I would give.
He gave her aspirations and medicine to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave her digital, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in one hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very good.
And that's when I made the first mistake; he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, I didn't do what I should have done, which was calling my boss and consulting it with him to see her.
And if my boss would have seen it, I would have been able to support complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that required constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake that I made was worse.
When he sent her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my interior that said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure that I asked the nurse to say,``You think it's okay if you go home?"?
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think I'll be okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance along with the papers took her home.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad presentation in the stomach.
But I kept with my job.
At the end of the day, I packaged to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking, where my car was to go home . I did something that I don't normally do normally.
He went home to the emergency service.
And there's another nurse, not that I was taking care of the Guatemala lady before, but another one . I said three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists are afraid, but there's a particular amount of emotion, and it's that we see patients physically.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Do you remember the patient who sent his house? ''
He asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well, she came back ,"with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But I went back and on the edge of death.
When I had an hour to have come home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the parents brought it to emergency with an artificial pressure from 50 millimeters of H, which means a severe shock.
Just breathe and I was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave her medication to climb the artificial pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was comfortable and rocked to the spinal cord.
He had a mixture of feelings because then they would stabilize it was in intensive therapy and expected against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, next two days, it was evident I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they recovered what was happening.
And to the ninth day, they let him go . Mrs. Draughter, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say you never forget the names of those who die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it and I experienced the first shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves teaching.
The evil shame that I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did, but we're bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't my boss; he was a charm.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I'm going to hold things and make sure that they don't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why don't I ask my boss? Why did he send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a mistake so dumb?
Why chose medicine?
Slowly that feeling was displaced.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out, and I wondered if I was better again.
And I made a deal with myself where if I was compiling the efforts to be perfect to not make more mistakes, I would make those voices to harvest.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it turned back.
Two years later, I was help in the emergency department in a North Toronto hospital, and I got a 25 years old with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was pointing here.
I watched his throat, I was a little colored.
He wrote penicillin and sent him home.
But as he went to the door, he kept pointing his throat.
Two days later, when I came to do my guardian change, my boss asked me to talk to me in his office . .
And it creates the three words: Do you remember?
Remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
So he came back and I didn't have a statistical maker.
It had potentially deadly affection called electronics.
You can look for Google . It's an infection, not from throat, but it's a higher airline, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He, fortunately, was not passed.
It's managed to be anti-sense and recovered for a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representatives, then I was relieved and I went back to work, until it happened again and again . .
Two times in the same set of urgency, not diagnostics.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it was 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discount.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
They order a kidneys X-ray, but it was normal . A colleague that was looking at patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered her liquid to retire and asked my colleague to check it.
He reviewed it, and when I noticed certain sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and recovered well.
But every case, I was advanced . I devoured me.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a break.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Only, ashamed and without support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do I teach them this so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you've heard of failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, you're going to hear about the errors of other doctors, but you won't listen to somebody talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues, as well, that a tragedy in my hospital passed the wrong leg, believe me to have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions: those who make mistakes and those who don't, the ones that can't sleep and those I know, who have a result of the results and the ones that have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we go from medicine to people who make mistakes, we're going to be a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of disability and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical heritage and medical errors to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Toronto to my show,``White Cotto, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where mistakes are happening every day, where one out of 10 prescription drugs in the hospital are wrong, or swimming is not right . In a system where the philanthropic infections are increasingly, and more numerous, causing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian cancers for preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about scuba suggestions, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things.
A hospital system where knowledge has multiplied every two or three years, and we don't go.
The dream's deprivation invaded everything.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a pain patient in the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain in the chest, and it comes down to crazy eyes, and with breath to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story is going to be contempt.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't always do the same thing.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
So the mistakes are inevitable.
So if we take the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professional problems to mistake, well, no one will be.
And with respect, people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my program,``White Delta, black art ,"it's a habit to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would tell everyone, from the papers to the chief of heart surgery,``This is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah blah ,"`` What are your mistakes?"And I will
And his students would stop, go back and go down your head and get saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, they don't commit the same mistake . ''
They need a context where they can.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human, you know human, you accept it, and you don't get rid of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving, loving way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they become errors of the time.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefine doctor.
I'm human.
And I'm so sorry, but I'm effort to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much choose in a week?
Recently, I did a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose an average American, are about 70 a day.
Not a lot, in a research, went on for a week to a group of presidents of companies.
The researchers recorded the different tasks that were dedicated by these executives and the time they employed to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average , 130,000 jobs per week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of minerals.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
You know how many they belong to nine minutes category, and how many of an hour?
How does those decisions do?
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of current today: choice in the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know their answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your response is positive, please give a stick.
And now my first question of the day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of the overload of choice?
Thank you.
I was a graduate student at Stanford University, I was given this very, very high supermarket, at least at least at the time.
It was called Dragon's . .
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different kinds of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of bottled water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved to go to that store, but I asked myself, why never buy anything?
This is the oil of olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from millennium trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Is this strategy right now to offer all these options? ''
He pointed me out with the tours full of tourists that came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to make a little experiment with the twins.
Passive.
They had 348 different classes.
We put a post to say, right to the entrance of the store.
We put out there mixed out of six taste, or from 24 different tastes, and we looked at two things: First, what was the case people were willing to stop to stop the member?
More people were stopped when there were 24 , 60 percent, when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a time.
Here we find the opposite effect.
When there were 24, only three percent came to buy melodicated.
From those who stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought member.
If we do the calculations, people had six times more likely to buy melodicated if they found six.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a melody, we probably get, at least it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the choice of choice affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to decide, even though this didn't get us.
Now the theme of the day: financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru The Sun, Emiss Kamen and Wei Jane, where we looked at the savings decisions for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in looking at whether the number of funds available in savings plans for retirement, the program 40, developed people to save for the future.
And we found that really there was a correlation.
We had 650 plans that were coming from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger funding number was offered, there was less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would be.
And in the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation fires to the 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more options, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of options, the more people were encouraged to avoid actions or investment funds.
As the more options, they were more willing to invest in market financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that they put the decision, you apply it even when this goes against the interest.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though it's obviously going better.
The main reason is that we're moving to look at that giant variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and member, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, contrast and choose from that amazing exhibition.
Today I want to propose four simple techniques that we've been testing, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can teach in their business.
The first one is, cutting.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always bother when I say,``cutting . ''
They worry about losing space on the browser.
But actually what we're looking at more and more is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Professor & Gamble happened from 26 different types of Head & Hollywood to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Coppinable Category compared the products for catchers that were less sold, the uses were increased in 87 percent, for two causes: higher sales and less costs.
Today's supermarkets, on average, offering 45,000 products.
In a shop of Walmart, it's about 100,000 products.
But the largest store in the current world is Aliera and offering only 1,400 products -- a kind of talented tomato sauce.
In the world of financial savings, I think that one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle choices is the plant of David Labs, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporating to a life insurance fund.
They really want to choose, they're offered 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, people say,``I don't know how to cut.
They're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me the differences between those options.
And if your employees can't difference, you can't do their customers . . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He said to me, he would be willing to offer people from this audience, a vacation with everything paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give a applause if you're ready to take the offer of Gary.
( A few applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't they more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think I actually reach more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can go ahead and say that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of the choice of choice, which is Congress.
And so that people understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and the consequences should be very vivid, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, which when they use effective??
Because it doesn't look like real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Mr. Benking and Alexander Prize, about fundamental NGO personnel who worked in NIH, these people were in a meeting where they were being affecting a plan 40.
To that meeting, which we built exactly as used, we did a little addition.
What we added was we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the 20 percent of the air and an increase in the number that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings accounts, four percent.
The third technique is Clarity.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Amazon supermarkets throughout the Norden corridor, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 337 different types to 686.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called``Japan"and the other,``Shevatz . ''
If you think the one on the left is Shinio and the one on the right is Jack, you give a palm.
( Far applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Kabul and the one on the right is Shinio, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Kabul and the one on the right is Shinio . But, you know something?
This classification scheme is completely useless.
The categories have to indicate something who chose, not what defines them.
You often see this problem with these enormous funds of funds.
So, who are they informing?
My fourth category: coding complexity.
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision; it's buying a car.
This is a German all of cars that allows it to personal.
You have to make 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offer each one.
colors, outside color of the car . I have 56 possibilities.
Motor, change box; four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options, four boxes , 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you take the button in every decision, this indicates that they're overwhelmed, or it is: we're losing them.
We found that those who go from many choices to a few times, and they're going to get the button over and again and again.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with how easy, you learn to choose.
Even though you choose the change box, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of inner decoration, anyway preparing us to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
And I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives; Congregation, making it real; clarity, we can handle more categories with less choices; to coordinate complexity.
All these techniques that I've shown you were designed to help handle alternatives, or better, for you, to use them in your issues, or for people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to get the best of a choice is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the '80s, in the communist East Germany, if you had a typewriter of writing to the government.
You had to record a piece of text for example written with the machine.
And this for government could track the origin of texts.
If you found a writing with the wrong message, you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, so much that it would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer of any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having a yellow dots in every page that follow a pattern that makes you themselves from one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to fuss a lot about this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you see what happens in the online world, we can clustered the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Diamond Gulf, the city of Kiev, Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybercriminals to earn a lot of money, lots of money.
There are really a lot of cases of online online, billionaire, who won money with their attacks.
This is Veronica Tso, from Turkey, Estonia.
This is Alfred Gonneen.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Berlin Sundan.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tarah Albatra and so on and so on.
These guys are making their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The U.S. secret service, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14.7 million dollars when he was frozen . .
Mr. Jain, he goes out, and he knows his paradox.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us to be a victim of a crime that is a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going wrong.
In the future, most of the crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we observe today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
The groups like Anonymous have gone down in the last 12 months, occupying a piece of paper in online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals who do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states the governments that attack.
And then we see cases like Director.
That's a good example of government attacks against their own citizens.
Digital is a construction authority of the Netherlands or, actually, it was.
He declared the last fall because of a toilet.
You cut the safety of the site and they lost a cyber.
Last week, I asked, in a meeting with the Dutch government representatives, asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people, because of the attack to digest . .
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die by an attack of these?
Digital authority is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with hypotheses, creating SETI, services like Gmail.
Except you're interested in foreign prison authority.
And they're going to make a little bit of an appreciation.
And in the case of dignity happened exactly that.
And what happened in Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April of 2011 and during the building of the building, found a lot of papers.
Among those papers, there was this card called``HIV/AIDS . ''
And within that folder, there were notes from a headquarters company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept the communications of the country's citizens.
They had sold this tool by 200,000 euros to Egyptian government.
The company's headquarters is right here.
So Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, it was found by the Sunday trop, a train used by German government officers to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is invented.
But today is going further.
You interact the Internet connection.
They'll use even tools like the Sunday train to infect our computer with a train to allow them to see all communication, and listen to online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like the obvious response should be``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play of privacy.
The privacy is not arguing.
It's not a question of privacy privacy.
It's about freedom against control.
While we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we have today, to be forever.
Are we going to be blind in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that we have to worry about the next 50 years.
This is where I live . I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, in the background, and behind the cows, the National Park of Nairobi.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like the zebras migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning, and we found it dead, I felt very bad because it was the only bull we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all land to protect them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up hating a lot of lions.
They die are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, in the age of six at nine, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions gave them fear.
But I realized that actually this didn't serve, because it even helped lions to see the stable.
I didn't give me . I kept.
A second idea was to use a sandwich.
I was trying to deceive the lions so they believed I was close to the stable.
But lions are very smart . They came on the first day and saw the spinal day, and they were, but the second day, they came back and said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with an torch, and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch that I'm going to go to and turn out the lights.
And this is a small lamp of a linear flashlight.
Add everything.
As you can see, the solar cell charges the battery and the battery supply electricity to the small indicator box . I call it a transformation.
And the Indian box makes the lights explode.
As you can see, the light bulbs go outside, because that's where the lions come from.
And this is how you see the lions when they come at night.
The lights flash and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used now throughout Kenya, to scare other predators as hyenas, leopard, and it's also being used to expand elephants from farms.
And because of this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Iranian International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school now is helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community, and we installed lights in the houses that don't, and I teach them how to put them.
So, one year ago, I was just a child in the shoes of the savanna by spending my father's cows, and I used to see planes flying, and he said that someday I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come on airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer engineer and pilot when it grows.
I used lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
A order . What in my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA: An electric fence?
RB: I know that the electric fence was already invented, but I want to do the mine.
CA: You've tried it once, right? And you -- RB: I've tried it before, but because I got a wire . CA: On foot of canyon, Richard Turk, you're a big thing.
We're going to look at every step that you give, friend of mine.
Thank you very much . RB: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called``Don't envy anything . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Il-Sung, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except that America, South Korea, Japan is the enemies.
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and myself had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter of my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop there, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're lying together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbed in his arms looking at her mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge man dragged North Korea in North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
At the end, over a million Americans died during famine and only few of them survived, eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also made more and more frequent energy cuts, all around me was completely dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared with neighboring countries.
This is the Amazon River, which serves from limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very pressing in certain points, allowing North Koreans to grow.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating in the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I went from North Korea, but I can only say that during the famine years, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that I would take 14 years to come back together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like.
But I soon learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare was actually made, when I was arrested by the Chinese police, and I was interested in the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being North, then they tested my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But he managed to control my emotions and answer the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, an officer said to another one,``This was a fake report . She's not North . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some Americans in China look for asylum in foreign embassy.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and sports.
These women had a lot of luck.
They were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans didn't have so much luck.
Every year, North Idaho is captured in China and sports in North Korea, where they are tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Even though I was lucky to escape, many other Koreans haven't been so lucky.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight that hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, everybody can get into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to be risky by going to South Korea.
I started a new life again.
To lie in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of division.
Even an identity crisis.
Am I a choreographer or a North????
Where am I? Who am I??
Suddenly, there was no country I could call my pride.
Even though to adapt to life in South Korea was not easy, I did a plan . I started studying for an income test to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I received an alarming call.
North Korea authorities played some money that sent my family, and as punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location on the outskirts.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
The Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some way, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost were caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identification of everybody, and started asking questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I deliberately stood up and said that they were a soldier person who was driving.
I looked at me suspect, but fortunately I believed.
We did all the way to the Ladies border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Latin.
But even after I spent the border, my family was arrested and incarcerated by crossing the border illegally.
After paying tickets and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Latin capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in prison at the distance of the South Korea embassy.
I went and came between the office of immigration and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But it didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask,``What is the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about it.
With my poor English, and with a dictionary, I explained the situation, and no doubt, the man went to the ATM, and he gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two Koreans and pull them out of prison.
I thank her all my heart, and I asked him,``Why does it help me? ''
\" I'm not helping ,"he said to me.
\" I'm helping the North people . . ''
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symptom for me and for the North American people, when we needed it more.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North American people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving their freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go into a new country, they start with little or any money.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help by giving Americans a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans going around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is South Central: stores, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles South, as if this fixing what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South America . The shops of tears, fast food, battlefields.
Just like 26 million other Americans, live in a food desert, Los Angeles South Central, home from the places of food to take and eat in the car.
What's curious is that the places of food to lead kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in Los Angeles South Africa.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times greater than, say, Beverly Hills, that's about 15 miles away.
I was tired of seeing this happen.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if you get out of home, you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood??
I see complex wheels bought and sold as cars used.
I see centers of pulmonary dialysis like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And also, I was tired of driving 45 minutes and back to buy a apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, I was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a piece of land we call a gardening.
It's 45 feet three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green groups, together and started planting our forest of food, fruit trees, you know, nine complex vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group by advanced computers of all of the backgrounds, all over the city and completely voluntary, and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came up to me, and in summary, they gave me a story saying that I had to remove my garden, the story was made by court.
And I said,``Come on, really?
A judicial order for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares?"So, I was like,``Well, let's take it . ''
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Louis, and I talked to the board and one of Green Grove members, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My staff even called to say that they were responding and they loved what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the United States city with more trains.
It has 68 miles of badlands.
That's 20 Central Parks.
That's enough space to plant 72 million plants of tomato.
Why doesn't it feel good?
It will grow a plant giving about a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my hymn, when I tell people, cultivate your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central.
I grew up there . I raised my children there.
I was reluctant to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I will manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I farm my art.
Such as a graffiti artist, which is a walls of walls, I pregnancy soils, gardens . .
I use the garden, the land, like a canvas piece, and the plants and the trees, are my emission of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
They just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is, and how people affect people.
What happened?
I witnessed how my garden became a tool of education, of transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect.
gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a urban.
Also, you get strawberries.
I remember one occasion, who came up with a mother and their daughter, were like the 18,000 of the night, and they were in my garden, I went out and looked very upset.
I, well, man, felt bad to be there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I was embarrassed by seeing people who were so close to me with hunger, and this just reinforces why I do this, and people ask me,``End, don't you fear that people will steal your food? ''
I say,``Oh God no, I have no fear that they're going to steal . ''
That's in the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to pick your health . ''
There was another thing that I put a garden in a shelter in the middle of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with her mom and his grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed, that just was just for a moment.
So Green Commons has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We've had, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all volunteer plan.
If kids grow together, kids will eat a tail.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if none of this is taught, if you don't teach them how food affects the mind and the body, you eat blind what you're putting in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're trapped with . I see color kids who are in this path designed for them, who don't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these kids who are getting sick from their communities to have sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
You may produce the next George Washington Carvalor.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and make them healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to replace it.
What I'm talking about is to work on people, get the kids out of the street, know the joy, the pride and honor to cultivate their own food, open farmers of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do sexy.
I want everybody to become effective, for self-interest, the folks.
We have to change the script of what is a graduate.
If you're not a gardener, you're not a graduate . .
And that the consumers will take their straw right?
That's your weapon of choice.
In addition, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit -- to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, you come to the garden with your foot so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Marcus sounds) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that comes out.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle, and these cars happen, that's not very nice.
Also, asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous asphalt roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most of the Netherlands in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the rainwater is flowing down to the sides and having a road that's easy to drive, and they won't get water ever more.
Noise also disappears in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it coming down? You see that in this road, the surface stones is coming out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and then, and then -- well, I won't do that . But you can damage your windshield, you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create potholes with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Bach, of course, that can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, like I said, so it only has a little amount of hydrogen between the stones.
Because of the press, the ultraviolet light, to oxytocin, this adorable, this battle, the glue between the noises, it's going to be picked up, and if you pick it, you'll make microphones and you'll be separated.
So, if you drive through the road, you'll get the aggregate -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about self-interest materials.
If we can make this material spread, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, that to clean sales, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the kiss.
So we have little steps of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like you see here, you use to cook -- an industrial machine.
Institute can heat, especially steel, it's very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the drink, the beast flow through these microorganisms and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I use a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big industry into the stage here.
microwave oven is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tested a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's very interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they donated a piece of road , 400 feet from the ABC highway, where we had to make a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road lasted several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We take a lot of samples of this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of payload on them, we repair them then with our induce machine and we repair them, and we went back to it.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've done a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of innovation to, actually, increase the life of the surface of the road, and they can even double the life of the surface, and it will actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the sample here . It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before I can show how the repair acts.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember having woken up a morning with the sound of the glass in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because the news usually depressed it.
\" The Taliban were!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning to forget.
A real school.
You'll see, I was six years old when the Taliban were introduced from Afghanistan and made illegal girls who were going to school.
For the next five years, I looked like a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were going.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us trapped in a small room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risked our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, school was closed overnight for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew from us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were terrified, yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for her time.
A total shock of a remote province of Afghanistan, I insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and that's why her father was reduced.
But my educated mother became teacher.
This is her.
It will laugh two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a higher risk in not educating his children.
During the years of the Taliban, I remember that there were times that I was very frustrated for our life, and I was always scared and didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that's always going to be with you, what's here, if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we will.
So you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of women in my age have more than the hunter, and if my family had not been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself very proud of graduating in Medicary College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first to congratulate.
He's not only pulled out of my college title, but I also was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, who carry him down by the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1419, a global campaign to educate women.
It's because of what coffee USA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls to go to school.
What's exciting is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families that, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh and still face a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, I can't show her face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter were walking from South America to her village, and literally, they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road for minutes.
When you get home, they're the phone, a voice was warned that if he kept sending his daughter to school, they would try.
\" Let me already, if you want ,"he said,``but I won't harm the future of my daughter for their old and tracked ideas . ''
What I've been aware of Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of those who succeeded, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and see that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of the bright future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan is so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last long, after the U.S. troops.
But when I went back to Afghanistan, when I look at the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that animate, I see a promise and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day of UCLA's girls remember me.
Like me, they sleep in big.
Thank you.
Never, I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the exile,``daughter, resist Gaddafi . struggle against it.
But you never become a Galapago revolutionary revolution . ''
They've spent almost two years since it was the free revolution inspired by the surge of mass movements so much of the Tunisian Revolution as in Egypt.
A forces with a lot of other online citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of rage and started a revolution against the Pakistan terrorist regime.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young young men were in the forefront, demanded the fall of the regime, carrying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example to the face of Gaddafi's dictatorship.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyrant.
However, Gaddafi left a heavy load, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and alternative seeds.
For four decades, the terrible regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of clean society.
And conscious of devastation and challenges, I've wanted, alongside many other women, rebuilding clean civil society, requiring an inclusive transition and just to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Ben during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in tropical.
After a 33-year-old period of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Women's platform for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and our right of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the predatory period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which moved from selfish policies of domination and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, gradually, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
One day we wake up with the news of the profit of ancient mosques and Sufi graves.
Another day, it was remained with the news of the American ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the prisoner's office murder.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violations of human rights, and their lack of respect from law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more popular, and it has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, we had at the beginning.
The intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire you with our story of the success of``creature list"and elections.
I'm right here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The brain list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is that our society is still polarized and dominated with selfish policy policies and exclusion, both by men like for women?
Perhaps what was missing was not just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs national dialogue, and the creation of consensus more than needed choices, that they only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the female more than need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an agents of outrage and call the wrath days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, which not only honor, but also put the mercy in the place of revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that Libya, destroyed by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an alchemy that tries to interact and the alternative between female perspectives and males.
That's the real cream.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a version of the Koran Rog -- the peace --``is the word of the``Microsoft God ,"`` short, compassionate . ''
At the same time, the word``rate ,"which is known in all of the Abrahamic traditions, has the same root in Arabic, that the word``rat"-- uterus -- and mimicking the feminine and motherly, which opens up all of humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all the people have gone.
And so, just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of computer compassion all the way.
This is how we say,``My mercy would get all the things . ''
This is how you say,``My mercy is prevalent about my anger . ''
They're all given the grace of mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an instant question, which has an equally disturbing response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does: Why is she left?
Why was somebody going to stay with a man who paid him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, not a social worker, nor expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had been licensed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York City for my first job as a writer and editor in the journal magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first American green card, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, put my head on my head with a gun, charged with band bags.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, fascinated love, where they fall down every year, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm licensed in England at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in Marilyn Business School.
I spent most of my career working for the``Fortune 500"companies, among them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burke and The Washington Post.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and driving a Honor Odyssey.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religions, all levels of income and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everyone thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a woman problem.
Not exactly.
Over 85 percent of the males are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration, or, in another way, in families, the last place where we want or hope to find violence -- reason why, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who paid her, and I was actually a very typical victim because of my age.
It was 22 years old, and in the United States, women between the ages of 16 and 24 years old have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, slums and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold, sleep night from January.
I was sitting on my side in the New York subway and started to strengthen with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had just gotten rid of a university of the Ivan Leadership and working in a Wall Street.
But what struck me in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a guy in the field.
He had a lot of big molecules like apples, and a broken hair wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things I did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it all over the beginning by putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved all of me: that it was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who would put passion in helping teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Now, I think I believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done.
And that was why the literature in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to go to the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and leave the work of my dreams, but I thought I had to make sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I left my job and Criminal and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a``crazy love ,"which was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the pattern of domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she's reacting.
And this is where they go into scene those guns.
As soon as we move to New England, you know, that site where he was supposed to be so safe had to be bought three clues.
One had it in the car glove.
The one was holding it under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those cues because of trauma that I lived in small . .
I needed them to feel secure.
But those scores actually were a message for me, and, although I had never lifted my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack of Craig happened five days before our wedding . .
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the truck.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's girlfriend suit and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we would live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very upright.
It was simply very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact of forming a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never make it hurt.
I spent twice more on our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and he lost me, and he gave me so strong in my head that I would bounce several times against the car window.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he ran through the traffic and I threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, I kept giving me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a deeply crowded man, and was the only person in the world who could help him face his demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why doesn't it just go?
Why wasn't I? I could have been at any time.
For me this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something you normally ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a battered.
Because the last phase in the pattern of domestic violence is killing it.
Over 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happens after the victim has end the end of the relationship, after you get out, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has become married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family justice system to terrified the victim and their children, who are usually forced by the judges to spend time not oversight with the man who beat their mother.
And we still keep wondering why it's just not going?
I was able to go, because of a last sadistic puzzle that I saw my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype victims as spooky headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why is it left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``The fault is yours for staying ,"as if the victims are going to be interested intrinsically in love with men who want to destroy them.
But since I published``Love Love ,"and I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped, who learned an inevitable lesson of what happened to them and refused their lives of joyful and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical dynamic violence.
I became married with a young and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black worker, and I'm also going to have that biomass.
Which will never have more, ever, is a charged pistol pointing to my head in hands of someone who says I want to.
Right now, as you're thinking,``Hello, that's fascinating!"or``Half, how stupid was it, , but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you there's a few people that are listening to me right now, that they're being battered, or they were in small, or they are abused themselves.
The suitcase could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now . right now.
I was able to end my crazy love love to break the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrives only in silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the beat to light talking about it with their children, their coworkers, their friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, they have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe exit.
Together, we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful orchestras that should be . .
Thank you.
Hello . I call me Cameron Russell, and for a time ago, I'm model.
To be accurate, for 10 years.
And I feel like, right now there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed me like that . Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first piece of clothes on a TED stage, so you're very lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they came up, they don't have to do it now, but I will find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds . .
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These boxes are very uncomfortable -- less wrong I don't have to use them anymore.
The worst part is to go through the head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing . .
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also surface.
I've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer would tell me that he arches the back, and that I would accelerate the hair of the boy.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little we can do to transform our aspect, which, even though surface and unchanging, has a great impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my job sector, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get to be model?
And I always say,``A cancer discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything . ''
The real reason why I made me model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we're biologically programmed to admire, we've also associated it to a high and neglected shape, feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage, I have heritage that I've known to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now shows skeptical, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that they say -- wait . There are Naomi, Tom, Joan Sylls, Liu Wn.
First, happy to know so much of models . It's amazing.
But unfortunately I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and in the 1786 hired models, only 27 percent, that was not white . .
The next question that people always do is: could it be model when it's older?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about that.
But then what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a night cardiac surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, , and you could be the chief redesign chief of the H & M executive director, or the next Steven Mellon . .
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all I learned in 10 years as a model, because, unlike cardiovascular surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you've got a corruption and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, if you said you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``underwear it for 10 years, people would look at you weird . ''
The next question that people always do is if all the photos are broken.
And yes, it's basically broken all the photos, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a Bible, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
That's how I put my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
So here I am on a party party a few days before the French Voice.
So here I am with my football team and in the magazine.
And this is me right now.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, flowers, machines and photographers and statistics, and all their aid and production and power people, and they get to create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is: Do you get free things?
I have a lot of 20 centimeters, and I never use, except the previous pair, but the privilege that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the dress.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver party; he jumped in red, and of course, they stopped us, and it's just a sorry, agent to be able to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for their life without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were paid and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177,000 young black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, is not a matter of me?
But how many times are I going to stop? And when?
When I was researching for this talk, I learned that 50 percent of the 13 years in the United States don't like their body, and that figure rises to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people ask me is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is, if you're a bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give a response that maybe looks like it.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And all of that is true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever ask: With some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to come together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and clothes more to fashion, but they're probably the most physically insecure women on the planet.
But most of all, it was hard to analyze a state of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you're all more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I wasn't me who I did.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat the photos, not even a minimal care in lighting.
In fact, most of them had the random tourists.
My story begins when, finding me in New York City to give a presence, my wife pulled me this picture holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday, that's the 57 corner and five . .
He gave the chance that we came back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter came up, my wife said to me,``Why don't you take me up to New York in a paper trip and continue the ritual? ''
This is when we started to ask the tourists that they were going to take the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture to deliver the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, nobody has fled with the camera.
By then, we were not aware of how much life would change this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day, that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us think about our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter gets new stories, and I can see life through their eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That particular time that we spend together is something we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed a red soldier from the wrist store that loved small in previous visits.
And I was described to me what I'd felt about five years of foot in that same place.
I had to remember her heart painted with strength by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York is universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories of memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that takes the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to show up in the picture, and they don't want to get to somebody and ask it: is it a picture??
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bubbles are in the most threatened birds.
First, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughter, like mental, silly characters, stupid.
More recently, if you've been following the risky Kenyan press, and applause and claims, these are the attributes that associate with Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why??
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean . Parallels don't help prevent disease spread.
They're hardly monogamous . They're far to extinct . And, my favorite, the bubbles have better presence . There are two types of bubbles on this planet.
There are the New World nutrients that are primarily found in the Americas, like the citizens and the faces, and the Old World bubbles, where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11, they face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the perpetrators important? First, provide vital ecological services . Clean.
These are our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the cadavers to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help to absorb the anthrax that not to be extended and causing great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in zones where there are no numbers, the carcasses take three to four times longer to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of diseases.
Bats also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Berkeley was the symbol of the protector and the maternity and, along with the copper, they used the unit between the Alto and the Lower Egypt.
In Indian mythology, Jack was the nuclear god, and he risked his life to save the Dens' Sunday devil.
In the Tibetan culture, a few very important ones buried open sky . In places like Tibet, there is no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these nutrients provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with nutrients?
We have eight species of nutrients in Kenya, which six are in extreme extinction threats.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife, the passive communities use this poison against predators, as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species species are in the critical list of endangered endangered, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years, it will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickya.
This drug has been banned for veterinarian use in India and have taken a position.
Because there's no bubbles, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in the streets of corners, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge amount of time for rage . The number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa : 335 neurons are going to be up to the Turkana lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
These are birds of birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible business of dead numbers to serve the bubble and the patent market.
So what's it doing? OK, we're researching these birds . We're putting transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel through different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the numbers, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide.
How can you help? You can become active, make noise, you can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very modest creatures, give their time to spread the word . It will spread the word.
When you go out of this room, you're going to be informed about the nutrients, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said he changed opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy expenditure in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do, and everything I do professionally -- my life has been molded for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, until 1977, I'm not . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Cote of ivory, Algeria and Somalia, and in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at 21, the Italians were good people and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Rather than that, everything we played we annihilated.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``Camps of the Zambia ,"was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds in southern Zambia to this absolutely gorgeous valley that descends to the Zimbabwe River, and we teach the locals to grow Italian tomatoes and hope.
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come work, and sometimes, they didn't go to work . We were astonished that the local, in so fertile valley, would not have been agriculture.
However, instead of asking how it was possible that they couldn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God that we're here ."`` Just in time to save the people from famine's Zambia . ''
And of course, everything in Africa was very beautifully grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the sources,``Look at what easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hypertension appeared from the river and ate everything, and we said to the sharks,``Oh my God, the hypothesis! ''
And the shipping said,``Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't they say it? ''
I thought we only had the Italians made errors in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what Americans did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least feeding the mortgages.
You should see the waste -- you should see the waste that we gave to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Death Dead"by Damazin Moo, committed economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
They just read their book.
Take a part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
The Westerners are imperative, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or we sponsor them, or we are patients.
The two words come from the Latin Rage root, which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Paternity, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my children .``I want you too much . ''
sponsors, I treat everybody in a different culture as if they were my servants.
So white people in Africa are called``bank ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The small is beautiful ,"written by Scratch, who said about the whole economic development, if people don't want to be helped, models alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground, and said,``Can you imagine a city that is not neurological? ''
I decided at the age of 27 years, I would just respond to people, and I invented a system called Facebook Company where you never start anything, you ever motivate anybody, but it becomes a servant of local passion, the self-interest of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? It shut down.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of local.
We don't work from the offices.
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give one idea to somebody.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what's you going to do?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once to get to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never sit, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunity they've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work on one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You should create a new profession.
The profession is the family family's doctor, the business family of the business, which is established with you at your house, at the table of your kitchen, in your coffee, and helps you find resources to transform your passion in a way of making life.
I started this as a test in hopes, West Australia City.
I was making a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this confused garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do that?"and I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
And then the government says,``Make it again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Dugen, one of the greatest corporate advisers in history, passed at the age of 96, a few years ago.
Peter Radcliffe was a professor of philosophy before they were involved in business, and this is what Peter Drug says:``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative business economy . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of corporate spirit.
So now you now rebuild Christchurch without knowing what the most useful people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them trust, privacy, you have to be fantastic to help you, and then you will go in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What's you going to do?
Parallel local people . That's what you're clapping.
So what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
And we're at the end of the first industrial, industrial fossil revolution, not renewables, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture, cure, educate, translate, communicate seven billion people in a sustainable form.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
Government? Forget it!
They're entrepreneurs, and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a futuristic magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in 1860.
And in 1860, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what was going to happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was joined: New York City would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they looked at the curve and pointed out, if the population kept growing on this rate, to relocate the population of New York to the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already expanding in dung . So, in 1850, they were splitting this dirty technology that we would take to the New York life.
So, what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States , 100 autonomous manufacturing companies , 10.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, scanning, factories in spades.
Development, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them trust.
Otherwise, you don't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer them an absolute, dedicated, excited service.
And then, subsequently, you'll have to tell you the truth of understanding.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three wonderful things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to tell a fantastic marketing, and you have to tell a wonderful financial administration.
You know what?
We've never met a human being in the world who can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've investigated and looked at the 100 icons of the world Carnegie, Washington, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: no one was started by one person.
Never word``me ,"but the word``us", 32 times.
He was not alone when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cafes, in bars together to their dead dedicated dedicated, who someone did for this gentleman who speaks about this epidemic, someone who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do that?
Well, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh no, I can't do that ."`` Would I just look for somebody? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us from many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't have a lot of knowledge, despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've been trying to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like automations, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more our hopes in empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give the shadow to lovers, backs and gentlemen for centuries and trust in a city.
It always leaves music, there's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned properties of America.
I live close to this house and thought about how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009 I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me a profound gratitude for living time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I'm struggling to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to go through the day and forget the really important thing for one.
So with the help of old friends, and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant blackboard and painted on her phrases to be completed,``Before I die I want...''
So the transistors could take a chalk, reflect about their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was packed and kept covering.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ,"`` before I die I want to sit down in the line of date change . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to embrace it again . ''
\" Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people made me laugh at boxes, they destroy me, and they gave me comfort in difficult moments.
It's about knowing that you're not alone, it's about understanding our neighbors in new and celebrated ways, it's about giving the reflection to reflection and contemplation, and remembering what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues of the civic center, we did a kit, and now they've made walls in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Argentina, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distraction in increasing, it's more important than ever, to find the ways of conserving the perspective and remembering that life is short and delicate.
Death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that trust us more power.
You think of the dead death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters as individuals and as community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, the people around us are not only able to help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my brothers.
Remember is 22 years old, it's high and very handsome.
It doesn't speak, but it transmits joy better than some of the best speakers.
Remember knows what love is.
You share it unconsciously what happens.
It's not architectural . It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to set up words that I couldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most unpredictable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year I came every one of my iPod's songs, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, making my arm on my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't they seem incredible?
But most people don't agree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of normal society, they are often ignored and unfinished.
But what drives my heart and my soul was that even if that was the case, even though I didn't consider them inside ordinary, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now for those least familiar with the term``autism ,"it's a complex brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it gets manifest in a different way, from there that Rezero is so different to Sam.
And around the world, every 20 minutes, it's diagnosed a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the developing disorders that fastest rise in the world, there's no cause or cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When I was a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was screaming a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies and, in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He lived in and he was reinvented in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting the cars on top of the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond pigs, frustration and endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I would wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that wouldn't want to change for normal.
normality goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that someone's wrong.
It only means there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences we have -- They're a gift! Each of us has a gift inside, and honestly, the pursuit of normality is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness, progress and change die at the time when we try to be like others.
Please -- don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been to be Alice in the wonders of the wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications professor, who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
I was scared . I was scared of these students with their great minds, their great books and their unknown words.
But when I developed those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when she fell through the rabbit of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
And I just felt when I had those conversations with students, they surprised me the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to environment and health care, each other, and if we don't know about this, work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists having these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, hypertension.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that their science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First question to answer ourselves, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
You don't just tell us that they study the drugs, but study the drugs, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when they're describing their science, you care with jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why not say``space and time"which is much more accessible to us?
Now, making them accessible is not the same thing as a stupid thing.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without engaging the ideas.
So something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, are ways of fooling and excited with their content.
And by presenting their work, forget about the signs of the bullet.
You've wondered why they call``bullet"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, it's supported too much in the area of the language of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this film of example from Generation Brown is much more effective, it shows that the special structure of the drugs is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legible phrase that the audience can understand if you lose a little, and then provide graphics that appeal to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what's described.
I think these are just a few keys that can help the others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when they've solved this equation, for all media, me with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words all over the dictionary of Oxford English is``suburban . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
And superintelligence means``destructive policy . ''
Although there was an indicator of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A suburban"is the one that seeks a public charge regardless of departure, platform or principle, and that, when I win, you get it for the mere use of a retirement verbal monument . ''
I have no idea what it means``retirement . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are in politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 177 that Parliament British allowed newspapers to quote the words that were said in the parliamentary chamber.
And all of this was thanks to the courage of a guy with the name of Brazil Crossing, who confronted the Parliament.
They were getting on the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end, he had a popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first registered use of the phrase``So, so the metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's a advocate of the freedom of expression.
But to show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, their leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was debate in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions would be presented that might have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it``State of State ,"and others,``His Alzheimer George Washington ,"and other``Freedom of the United States".
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it``king . ''
They thought it was very quality.
And not even with that, they were the idea that you could be elected King for a certain term.
And it might have served.
Everybody's laughing immensely, because this debate is proposed for three weeks.
I read a poor Senator newspaper, and he always writes,``Still with this subject . ''
What caused the delay, and the one was that the House of Representatives was against Senate.
The House of Representatives did not want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it king for if he was given to him or his taste ideas.
So, they wanted to give you the most modest, more instant and more unfortunate title that they came up with.
And that title was``President .".
President . didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it just meant``someone who presents a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``superintelligence . ''
There were evolved presidents of small colonial aid aid and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And that's why the Senate was busy.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it president . ''
\" This guy has to sign treated and gather with foreign dignity . ''
\" And who will take it seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as the American President? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't get.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never been constantly reflecting the president of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to continue there, waiting for the Senate between in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary, it's possible that we keep waiting for 222 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you with, is that the American title of the United States doesn't sound at all as modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads to disposal, the largest economy in the world and a flower of drone drone vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have led to the title of the grain.
So at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness by then.
But, you know how many nations are now president?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end, the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one's going to be humble when they tell them that they are now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I'd like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, the modern reality much more words than these could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to feet underground in a illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that speak, but most of all, that cacophony of male shots and stones with primitive tools.
As the others, I take a little bit of silent light from suit to my head with this endless elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole of a meter that falls hundreds of feet on Earth.
And I was scared of my hand, and I suddenly remember a miner that I met days before, who lost control and fell countless feet in that piece.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep out of that hole risk their lives without pay or reward and often dying.
I walked out of that hole and I went home, but they will never do it, because they're the prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Summit.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a self-definition of the Slover, an NGO who's dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started to learn about slavery because I knew it exists in the world, but not such a degree.
When we finished talking to me, I was honestly embarrassed to ignore this feature of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I got a knot to the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the CEO of the Sea, and offer my help.
That's how I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these sites.
Some, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty rag.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million displaced people in the world.
It's twice the number of Africans displaced throughout the treatment of transnational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a farmer slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of a $50,000 today.
And yet, today you can enslave entire families by generations for $18 dollars.
Remarkably, slavery generates more than 13 billion dollars a year worldwide.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find that they are forced to work without paying, under threat of violence and can't escape.
Today the slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Dan.
So in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped in a heavy piece of powder, they stack mechanically bricks in their heads, up to 18 at a time, and they take them from the oven anteln-see furnaces that are in hundreds of feet.
Desperate by monitoring and tiredness work in silence, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe deforestation made you pee out of it.
So penguins were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to check it and, sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the absorbon that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was really clearly explained to show emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
I had to trust the Slamers and work inside the system for his release and trust you to get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my designed heart.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by mountains of mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plates were heavier than the kids who charge them and children hold them to their heads with homemade rooms made of sticks, ropes and axes.
It's hard to witness something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying, because this has been the whole life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villages were rejected by their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When we hear the word slavery, we often think about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness, I was warned that I would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Katrina, I was given women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some students who were giving this dirty basement, fresh light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Recording, as you know in the craft, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where slaves women with their girls and children, some of only seven years are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each point is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by their customers.
From standing in the palm, I remember to have sense of an amazing fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be being trapped in that hell.
I just had an exit: the stairs where I entered.
There were no junk doors.
There were no big enough windows like climbing.
These people don't have a school, and because we play such a difficult issue, it's important to point that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in silk trade.
This is a family portrait.
The black hands of black are from the father, the blueprints of blue and red, of their children.
They mix tribes in these big barrels and dip the silk into the liquid to the elbow, but the temptation is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, yet you can go out of this house someday and go somewhere else where our job is really paid . ''
There's more than 4,000 enslaved children in Lake Valley, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense not?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
The kids are separated from their traditional, disappeared, forced families to work in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing swimming.
This child is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking, that his little canoe was pregnant.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the submerged trees in Lake Valley often attract networks and children, fatigue and fear, they're thrown into the water to unleash the branches.
Many of them are drowning.
Since remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love, it's not going to flee, and as all life has been treated with cruelty, it's cruel to the younger slaves under its command.
I met these guys at five in the morning when they had the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night, cold and windy.
And it knows that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter in which I've been the Slaves' retirement to slavery victims.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Driving by a road in Ghana with the Solar polls, a the abuse company with his two-wheeler engine and abused our car and played the window.
We were asked for a road path to the forest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to go quickly.
Then he pointed out this barely visible sense and said,``This is the way, this is the path . We go . ''
As we started to go down, we took the entrepreneurs that blocked the path, and after walking around one hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put the picture team on my head as we go down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the naked path ended up abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all full of enslaved workers.
A lot of women had children tied up to their backs, and as they looked for gold, they walked into the waters with mercury.
The mercury is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a piece in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The wells are up to 90 feet, and these people carry heavy bags of stone, which will then be transported to another area in which you can get the stone to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and beautiful men, but if we look closer, we see a few other less lucky and also children . .
These are all victims of injury, diseases and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and the training for a few years.
This is Mandela . When he died his father her uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
When you die his uncle, Mandarin inherited the debt of uncle, which forces it to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be amputated.
In addition to that, Mandela has tuberculosis, and he doesn't know that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being liberated and educated with the help of local activists like Fed the Slover, and it's this kind of determination, from face to a remote possibility, which inspired me a lot of respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will give them a witness of them and we will do everything to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not about magazines . They're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in your lives.
There is no day that I think I don't think about these so beautiful, battered people that I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images take a force in who you see, in people like you, and I hope that that force is going to be a fire, and that fire streams light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do a math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for who you do: we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try -- try to explain what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
We get rid of the virtues of the whale and the calculation dancers that we'll see later.
But the whale demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like the evil of Parkinson destroy gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend named Jane Street who, in his time, was a virtuous dancer dance.
In the last few years, a lot has been produced in treatment.
And yet, there are 6.5 million people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness, temporal, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in a objective way, and ultimately the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have a target and objective metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson and other movement disorders there are no biological markers, so they don't serve the blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological exam.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do . It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a very hard journey to clinic . What if patients could do the exam themselves?
You would not need staff.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as not conventional form to try, you see, in a certain sense at least, we're all virtuous as my friend Dan Street.
This is a video of the vocal string vibration.
It shows someone healthy while it makes sounds to speak, we can imagine as dancers of a vocal whale, because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The Field, for example.
And, like the ballet, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think about the time that takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they vibrate, and as the Parkinson affects the limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom of the bottom you can see an example of irregular temperature of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal shaking, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and applied after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these exams compare in the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, both are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
They're both accurate . Well, but also the existing tests in voice are not specialized.
I mean, they can be authoritarian.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
These are minimal cost, and we all know what happens.
When something gets a cost as low, it goes on to massive scale.
These are some incredible lists to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I would not need to go to the clinic for routine crash.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost massive resilience for clinical trials and, for the first time, factories at a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first bits of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson vocal Initiative.
Together to Auschwitz and Pathway, we want to record lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have accessible local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with no Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents, and I'm pleased to announce that we've reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, can you say who's healthy and who is not?
What will you take from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate if you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MA: You see, some people may not pass it . You may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for criminal factors in search for the real markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MA: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thomas, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and has now shown that it works on the mobile phone network also, which makes the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy.
TR: novelty and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MA: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Littman, public.
MA: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are pale creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We do the most thin models, even more thin, the perfect perfect skin, we do the impossible, possible and criticize us in press all the time but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly after, an organization where it was voluntary, there's Hans volunteers, it was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, together with hundreds of other volunteers, we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Official.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the I.Q . of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The recorded water level reached over 24 feet tall, and over three miles inland inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We take rubble from the channels and the canals.
We clean schools . We take the mud and leave the houses ready to be renewed and repetitive.
We take tons and tons of death, standard, rotten fish of local factory.
We were educated and we loved it.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and tumors of photos and cameras and D.C. .
They all did the same thing.
Pick them up and bring them to different places of the villages around them to hold them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
While they had the wave, and to save their lives, they had to abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a village assessment center.
It helped clean the passenger bathrooms the huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the rating center takes the photos.
There they took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, I had heard the expression, thinking beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I climbed myself my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some who had over a hundred years, some of them were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night, I came in Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try it.
So we started to pick up the photos.
This was the first of all.
I was not too stereotypical, but where the water had documented the face of the girl, I had to fix with a lot of precision and delight.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strategic picture.
Over time, they came out of the more strong photos, and they needed more records, so it came back into Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later , 80 people in 12 countries offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 desperate people to join.
In Japan, in July, we mobilized Redwood, a neighboring village in the North Side.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time you'd have to deliver it is a different story, it depends on the waste of the photos.
I could make an hour . I could make a week.
It could be involved months.
This lady had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all of these pictures in saltwater, covered in bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all of this together with the step of the time continues to destroy them, so clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been rescued by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleanliness by hand.
We tell the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to damage even more damaged photos.
As Wang once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was really lucky in relation to the photos.
He had started cleaning them themselves, but he stopped to realize that I gave them even more.
He also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been rebuilt, we were able to solve the images in a single picture and take the whole picture.
When I picked up their pictures, something about his story with us.
And a few colleagues from his husband found pictures in a firemen station between the rubble pretty far from where they used to be their house, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the siren sounded.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were at school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that everybody had survived.
The day he gave her pictures his youngest son , 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something he could come back to look at, something that I could remember from the past that would not have been marked by that March day when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined up there, hundreds of them helped us clean by more than 150,000 pictures of the vast majority of the great majority in the hands of their owners . It's important.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us give back to 90 families hundreds of completely restaurants, completely restaurant.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of the ink for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear.
These are the guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look back.
This was about the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody their connection with the past.
When a picture like this goes back to somebody, it is a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it.
This project also makes a huge difference in the life of the responders.
Some of them connected to something larger, back something, using their talent for something that they're not a thin model of perfect skin.
And I'd like to read this email, and I sent him Cinement the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was challenging, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl, meeting around a baby, moved around, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, me and my newborn daughter, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the things our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Edison inspired us and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present you a new type of photography: the photography -- a new technique so fast that you can create slow camera videos of light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the vision line, or see inside the body without using X-rays, and actually challenges the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and turn it up and turn it up in a trillion of a second or it is, in various phones, I'll create a picture of a just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel to the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this picture package and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons spread inside this bottle?
What is the aspect of slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all of this happens effectively in less than a gang is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't apply this research . I have a lot of things in this movie, to take this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to attract and, inside, starts to spread.
Some of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we started seeing these ripples.
Many of the photons finally come to the top and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflections are concentrated.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet, and we make the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that movie?
One week? A week? actually, every year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing with dead nature?
You can see the waves that are being buried from the table, the tomato and the wall of the background.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature painted a picture, I thought, from a female at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at this tomato, you'll notice that, as the light stands out of the tomato, it goes down . It doesn't dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the bounced light inside and it comes back from several billions of seconds.
In the future, when this female is on their phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
Why do we create this camera at MIT?
As photographers, you know, if we take a low exhibition, it enters very little light.
But we're going to go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you'll just get some light.
We sent that bullet, that package of photons, millions times, and we recorded over and over and over with a very narrow synchronization, we take those gigabytes of data and we're going to get them computing to create those females I showed you.
We can take all of those data in raw and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
And if a new power of a superhero future would allow you to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, review, go into the room, a part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
It's where we could extract those multiple lights of light.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, there's our formula.
Behind the wall, there's a handle and we will bounce light on the door.
After from the publication of our article in Natural Arabia.
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to camera, but interestingly in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our frame, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point it corresponds to what distance.
When you're projecting a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple light bounces, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collisions with what's around the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build excuses to see the inside of the body by spreading cells, and the same for carbon.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty difficult, so actually this is a request to scientists so that they start thinking about the photography as a new mode of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation of the next generation.
Just like Doc Edgest, himself a scientist, became art science, an art of flattering photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected are not just for scientific visualization.
Create a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And look at those waves . Remember, time between each one of those waves is just a few billion seconds.
But there's something fun here.
If you look at the waves underneath the lid, these are away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects, and Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which events occur in the world sometimes appear to the camera.
By applying the corresponding information of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's already time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone, you can record a song, put it to South and make famous.
This is all possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were working on looking for a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered to protect a change, they had a cell phone.
Who of the present people have a mobile phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phones, pick them!
Get them up . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost all today has a mobile phone.
But today, I'm going to talk about my mobile phone, and how life changed.
Talk about this.
These are 35 8,000 lines of information.
Bridge data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . commission presented a directive . .
The Data Research Director.
This director says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider, has to store a wide range of information of users.
Who calls who . Who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to who.
And if we use mobile, where we are.
All this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their telephone company or their Internet provider.
And all over Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this data feedback.
We want the authority in digital age, and we don't want to be the carriers and suppliers of the Internet store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said this would be the State 2.0.
The State was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone, Predaguy Telegone, who at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information that you had about me.
I was asked once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response . It was all blah, blah.
But then I said,``I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
And so I decided to start a drug demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Mayor Telegone said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
And I would take the demand and they send me the information that I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional tribunal failed the hostility for the German law of the E.U . law.
So I got this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD there was this.
Thirty thousand dollars of information lines.
At first I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this file.
It was a bit skeptical: what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data retention means.
So, along with Ze Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months of my life.
You can zoom up and go back and go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I'm going from French in train to Colombia, and what often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then you call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one calls the other, and the other one, and we end up with this big network of communications.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who you talk to who, who sends you to who, that's all possible if you have access to this information.
And this information has been stored at least six months in Europe, until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who involved in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall probably never happened.
And, in consequence, not the fall of the High Court.
Because today's state agencies and companies want to store so much information from us as possible inside and outside the web.
They want to have the ability to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight by self-determination.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to their friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not in fashion.
When you go home, tell your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information stored from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones to remind you that they have to fight by authority in digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call me Machelossing Zamala and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, aspiring the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, so it's all the time.
Look.
It's exhausting . I'm like a Shakespeare mixture.
And Muhammad Al.
The P C is not genetic.
It's not cognitive, you can't contract.
No one missing my mother's uterus, and I didn't contract because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
It just goes through accidents, the one that happened when I was born.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
We're going to walk.
Christmas values, they're at the mall of the mall, they drive in circles to search for parking and what you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
They think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
Also, I say, I have 99 problems, and the P C. is just one of them.
If there was an oppression of oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Cliff, in New Jersey . .
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same initiatives.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
The mantra of my father was,``You can [cannon] ] -- dance a song . ''
If my three older sisters were cleaned, I clean.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents were teaching the school system, and they were sure that I was, and if we didn't take all the maximum note, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five, putting my heel on their feet and simply walking.
Another tactics that was used was to cover a dollar in front of me so that I would follow it.
The surprise that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a bombing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think to use``hatred Muslims"as a campaign motto.
The people I grew up with had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about a lot of hunger during the Ramadan.
I would tell you that I had enough fat to live three months without eating, so I'll add out of dawn is very easy.
Babylon caps in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, or I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jersey, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we become Madison.
In summer vacation often my father was trying to hold me, so I drink milk milk, they put me hot cups on my back, and I joined me in the Dead Sea, and I remember that the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works . ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga . .
I should say that it's very boring, but before I do yoga, it was a standard comedian that couldn't stand on foot.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital Telescope.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the E.U, University of the state of Arizona, because I was going into all the assumptions.
It was like the pet lamp of theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least intelligent, I took the ultimate note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the glass zoo, my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the USDA decided to do a work called Daniel very slow in Jackson.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started shouting the four winds,``At the end, I'll have a paper!
I have cerebral palsy!
After the end! At the end!
Thank God all-powerful, I'm free . ''
I didn't get the paper . gave it to Sherme Brown.
I went to increase the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why, and she told me because they believed I couldn't do the risk stunts.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, it can't be the character . ''
It was a paper that literally had been born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy.
university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a story of adding actors without disability for disabled roles.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first active tour was like extra in a telescope.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be a``roommate"to``better friend"in a bloody.
Instead, I was there as a vase, I didn't see me more than the one, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors didn't hire graduate, non-lethal actors, disabled.
They only hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Goldberg, Rosalind Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedian.
That's why I made myself humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comic comic, he took when he was high speed for the New Jersey freeway with a driver who had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs across the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know that they never heard that little nasty buzz that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the National comedy Festival in New York, now in her 10 years.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Americans in the media of communication, and at the same time remember that superintelligent and Arab directors are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disability of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I went to the cable news program with Keith Orleans.
I walked in as if I went to a graduate dance, they dragged me into a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, two, two . ''
And we were live!
So I went to the desk desk so I didn't get around the screen during the segment, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity, and I discovered it . I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Oliver came back to invite me, but I had a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun that I learned in the director with Keith Orleans was that people on the Internet are scum.
It's said that children are cruel, but they never met from me or child or older.
All of a sudden, my disability on the Internet became an object.
I see online clips with comments like,``Why do you shake? ''
\" Is it withdrawn? ''
And my favorite``Poor scarf".
What disease has it?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even to add my disability to my rsum: writers, comedian, paralyzed.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Beijing, then Beau can't make someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the...Yes, clap, man . Come on.
The disabled is the largest minority in the world, and the most sensitive in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Perhaps if there were more positive images, that would take less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need all the society to teach our children well.
My torture journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet by the television of the Solar Lucofi Telescope and the classic Auria Auria.
I came to act in a film with Adam Sandy and to work with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
He turned the world up,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was convicted of the big state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Machinest ,"a charity to give kids refugee refugee, a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
[ Unclear] In peace, dad.
I call me Machelossing Zamasa, and if I can, you can.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small village in South Asia.
This town is near Muslim.
The drought pushes the small town to poverty and the edge of the initiative.
Without anything for him, it goes to the great city, in this case, Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunities, there's no work, no future perspectives.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mogadishu.
After maybe one year, nothing.
One day you get a sir that offers him to take him lunch, then dinner, to breakfast.
He knows a a group of people who give you a shock.
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home to her family.
They present to a young man.
He finally goes home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a car bomb.
That child from that small village with dreams of great care was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were the Shah, a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a child in a small town try to fulfill their dreams in the city, end with it.
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting for the future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing that we call``waiting for the waiting . ''
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of marginalized, underground urban young people who destroy riots in Johannesburg, destroy riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the``hope period . ''
For young people, the world's promise, the great dream of city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three in five people living in cities will be less than 18.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the door of access to terrorism, to violence, to the gang, will be the story of cities.
And in my city of birth, Joan , 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, don't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Muchan last month, and I went to visit the Madison Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital who was thinking about, and I would never have gone?
What if I had been forced to be in that same``hope period? ''
Would I have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to get to a few juvenile leaders in an entrepreneur.
He gathered to about 90 Somali leaders.
We sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges that the city faces.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to Judia University, graduated . .
There was no job, no opportunities.
I remember when he said to me, because it was a graduate college, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They looked for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the visible system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
And they saw an opportunity, and he approved it.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started beating motorcycles to local residents who they normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and her dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years . .
Why is this story different?
What does it do to this different story?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's corporate spirit, and I believe that corporate spirit can be the most powerful tool against waiting.
It empowers young people to be the creators of economic opportunities that are looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohammed, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the commercial initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Michael has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came up, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you were using plastic from the foreigner.
If you ask someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a companion company and floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Michael, and started growing Muslims and lightweight, who said, could you survive the hard climate of Mogadishu.
And he started the delivery of flowers, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now it's working on the creation of the first public park in Japanese in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
He wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the rainforests.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that might be the arts of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They identified business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and create an entrepreneurial spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, and give them the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when he's created, transform the way people see their city.
They come up with the street children to help the rent and keep the motorbikes for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of waiting.
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities.
So my suggestion is: they become young people in entrepreneurs, they're innovating and feeding their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Peace parks than autonomous and hope periods.
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Adam Mountains, an aggressive area in the state of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest floats.
The sun made the leaves glow like a glass, and not to be the way that we followed, we could almost pretend that we were the first human beings in closing that land.
We get to our camp.
It was a crowd on a record with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a garbage, from about four square feet with heart sheets of population ball balls, and old falling.
And I was angry, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The camps that were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought I was going to clean their trash?
That question went on with me, and it was just a little simplified.
Who cleans our trash?
No matter how they organize or where you put``ours ,"who clean our trash in Istanbul?
Who cleans our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York City, the Department of Health cleans our trash, at the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycled products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work does.
What do you feel to use the uniform and take that load?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their tracks and interviewed people in offices and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to go further.
So, I started working as a garbage collector.
Now not just traveling in trucks . I drove them.
And it was working the mechanical seals and the snow broke.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you're rapidly used.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept advising the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
There is also danger.
According to the Office of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and pass around you.
They just want to go, so in general the driver is not paying attention.
That's very bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall on the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the implication of trash.
When you get out of the room and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think waste collectors are the most important workforce on the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protection.
If you don't get rid of waste in an efficient and effective way every day, it starts to get rid of their containers and their dangers inherent us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we have no space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when they're in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, I'm just looking at your relationship.
And then there's what I call our average average speed, necessary.
I mean, I mean just the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair, we clean, or we take our cup of coffee, our band bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we take them, we forget about them, because we know that there's a work force on the other side that will be charged from it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce the stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
Your job, I believe, is almost radical.
They're in the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our own.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us leaves to ourselves, from our own waste, our results, and that flow should always stay in one way or another . .
One day after September 11th , 2001, I heard the seriousness of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little child and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his paper recycled as all the Wednesday did.
And I tried to thank her for doing his job that day in particular, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``We're going to be okay.
We're going to be fine . ''
Shortly after that, I started investigating waste collection, and I went back to that man.
It's called Paul, we work together many times and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost in the labor.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about trash, represent three percent of the amount of waste of nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of their days and their lives, the next one you see someone whose work is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses in the connection of thinking about our community life, that is part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that the different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final architecture of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several floors in Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of building that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to run . ''
After seeing some of these buildings, there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large shops where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the restriction with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees all year.
And thirdly, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a shame trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really captured with the ancient market that's this outdoors in the free air where thousands of people go and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a mall.
But the question was how to build a modern building, of various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by the site, which is located in an area of much growth in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the inputs in the building.
And this extends with an inclusive atrium that creates an open-air space in the building that spreads, by its own shape, the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue like a head of concrete with prostates to allow the air input, and also the light, but in a filter way.
We then inspired these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian dresses.
They have fractal geometry properties, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little presented pieces that are the windows that let the air pass and light in a controlled way inside the building.
This is involved with these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas didn't get easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a mall . It wasn't what we ask . ''
But ultimately we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center, because ultimately there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was a lot more economic, not just because of the material in comparison with the glass, but also because it didn't need to have any air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy literacy for the building in a city where electricity is almost cut every day.
So we got a great advantage putting photosycopy on the roof.
And then under those panels we think about the ceiling as a new public space with areas of meeting and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these percentages on the roof, which together collect water for the sanitation of the interior.
It's expected for the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of building.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to make a project so big, the biggest thing I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also their environment and the culture and the culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of an antique who was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access to almost straight lines.
When I went to place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12 initial blocks similar in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would the best guidance for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's northern, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we're going to take a scheme that sure most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European locking and Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that make a greater density in higher levels and lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project, is almost like breaking the community out of building the space.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and social, and do things like running a two miles in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, you're in emerging countries, where you can see the cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes to local communities and local economies at the same rate that they grow the buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have as a goal to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class . It was so remarkable, as you see all new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair that was very bright and a little spike of pencils, cute . It was super strong for state capitals, very good for shrimp.
I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister.
I had a day after the school out of school . It was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took the table of my master's book.
And then I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a slightly, just some.
All the way, and I turned back the book to the crate, but, to see, some of my other colleagues had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, it runs the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put to all of the rows of D and myself, a row of this, just because I could ...
I still surprised me what I did.
I didn't understand how the idea arose.
I didn't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was absolutely obvious.
They never discovered me.
But especially, I was reminded of the reason why I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for orthopedic.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so persistent.
We know the babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The blue birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of suicide killings in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness, or long duration or sadness.
So, you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which cells are studied in all their possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say, if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature . .
There would be no Helen the hell, there would be no``Odysseus . ''
There was no jealous king, not the thousands and a night.
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would disappear the high school reading list, because we would be losing``The Noise and the Force ,"there would be no``Gates"and``Paris"-- we'd lose``Madame Boranchan"and``Anna K .".
Without jealousy, there's no Proust . I know that Proust has the answers for everything, and in terms of the jealousy, almost it has all of them.
This year, you get 100 years of their master work,``In search of lost time ,"the most exhaustive study of sexual cells and also the ordinary competitiveness of ordinary cells, mine, everything we could have . And thinking about Proust, we have the mental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a market market in tea of washing.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot how impossible it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Woodo said were as hard as cat . .
I don't know what the skin of cat is, but we assume it's strong.
Let's see why they're going so well, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and Proust.
Is it very obvious, like the jealousy, who are reduced to the person, to their wish, their liabilities, are a very solid narrative basis?
I don't know . I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's life, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
By the same time storytellers and audience, we know exactly what details to include, to nail the knife, right??
The jealousy makes all of us amateurs, and that's something that Proust understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give pleasure to another one, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to yourself that story, and since then, Proust says that every wind that Sweden detects in his lover, he adds her collection of instruments of torture in her private camera.
You have to admit that Sweden and Proust were notoriously jealous.
You know, the Brown's boyfriend would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's hard work . Right?
The jealousy is exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The cells get rid of information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The cells like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small spike of pencils.
The jealousy is nurtured from the photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful, and it's pretty successful, and it's a little bit of an academic language with the celebrity.
When Sweden is in his celebrate of jealousy, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the servers of his lover, then it defines those behaviors.
He says,``Look, you think that this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or looking at a memorial . ''
He says,``These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Soon, I'm trying to show that the jealousy is interpretation, and they make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, the more painful the truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the tracks to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, that makes us suffer, causes us a range of much more profound and vital feelings that a wise man can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that cells reveal ourselves.
And is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our aging, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at that peculiar intensity?
Freud writing about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife did.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that he did his wife, not realizing, involuntary behaviors.
So, surrounded too much, or does it be accidentally role with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the quantum of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells are making us look with intensity but unprecedented.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the restrictions of fantasy.
And for this reason, I believe, the jealousy makes us violent, illegal acts.
The jealousy drives us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about my case at 8 years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman of Michigan from 52 years old was captured by creating a fake account on Facebook since he was sent to see, awful himself, for a year.
For a year, every year.
She was trying to insult the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend . I have to confess that when or this, reaction with admiration.
Because we're realistic.
What enormous, even though unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like a novel.
It's like a nanometer from Pakistan Himalayan.
Hygoric is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the``strangers in a Tree"and``The talented Mr. Richard ,"books that are trying to have the jealousy, confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be perfect in an instant.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Ripenso is going to be like, or want what you've got to get out of your self and to be passionate about what you've ever got, and it's under the floor . He responds to your name, you take your rings, you empty your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Radcliffe's route.
I can't give you everybody, as much as I want to.
It's a pity, because we live in time of envy.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we're good citizens of social media, where the currency is envy?? Right?
Will novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what the characters always do when they're not safe, when they're at a mystery.
Let's go to the 21st of Baker Street and ask for Sharl Holmes.
When people think about Hollywood, think about the local malleability in Professor Moriarty, that criminal genius.
But I've always prepared [the]``President]``Lester], the head face of Scott Yard who needs Helios desperately, needs the Hologist's genius, but he's annoyed . .
Oh, it sounds so familiar.
Lesterland needs their help, but the resilient, and bubble bubble in the fall of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Six Natural Adventure ,"once you go in, he drives everyone with his solution, Lesterland goes back to Helios and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. hives . .
We're proud of you . ''
And it tells you that there's no person in Scott York who would not want to shake her hands.
It's one of the few times we see Dutch transportation in history, and it seems to me so emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the cells like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Hill minute is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it still be so simple?
What if the jealousy is really a matter of geometry, just a question of where we are in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to reinvent the greatness of the other.
We can line with it.
But I like to like this.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to consider us.
Only the fiction fires the jealousy.
The fiction is just the domestics, I invite you to the table.
And look at what clustering: the store Lesbor, the lander Tom Richard, the crazy Saturday, the same Martin Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the moment of Apollo 11 and he went down on the Transition Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the surface gray gray was the culmination of an curved collective process.
The Apollo program was the biggest movement in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spends about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including the Apollo 1 crew.
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men travel to the moon.
They walked on their surface, which Alice after the death of Armstrong, last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of turn : 38 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 will emphasize later, a new sense of the small and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is they were because President Kennedy wanted to show the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some ask, why is the moon?
Why to turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why fly on the Atlantic?
Why does Rice versus Texas?
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pong: For the contemporaries, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about East War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder in the transcendence of the power of technology.
They were because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the pollen is eradicated and smallpox smallpox.
The technology seemed to have what Alvin Photoshop in 1970 called``accelerating force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse, or a ship with candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 flew of Apollo 10 to 40,000 miles per hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
Nobody has traveled faster than the proportion of Apollo 10, and the joy of the technology is evolved by seeing that problems that we imagine that technology would solve as to go to Mars, create clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population seem to be inspiring.
I remember looking at the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that you don't look at the burning tube of the rocket Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that,``Something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology ,"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists had been distracted and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sale.
There is nothing wrong with most of these things.
They've expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a personal explanation in Silicon Valley, which confirmed that they've created less ambitious companies than those of the years they were funded Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Genetic.
Silicon Valley says that markets are guilty, in concrete, the incentives that risk capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that risk investment caused that you change the creation of transformative ideas by the funding of incredible problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their logical point without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments that they could go out in 10 years.
The Chris . They've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital, and what development is long-term, and they've never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We won't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption is coming from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biomass, less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biomass.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree about what policy and international treaties would increase development of alternative energy: mostly, a meaningful increase in research and development development, and some kind of control of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we'll see an energy policy of America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes the big problems that seemed technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from time that famine is a result of failure in the food repair.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affects the distribution of food.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine hunger as well as there was bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes have a solution because we don't understand the problem really.
President Nixon will tell you the war to cancer in 1971, but we soon discovered that there are many types of cancer, some horribly resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it must really be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, has those criteria.
But it's a disruptive model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no crank competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who honored the hard and the dangerous, , and there's no popular mythology of science fiction as to explore the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows that we don't get the challenges.
Thank you very much.
All right, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start recording the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become a cliche of our society.
I think that's three.
The first one is a recycle: there's been a great decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third is a task: we should recover trust.
I believe that the profile, the goal and the task has gone wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a recycle, a goal and a task, that I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First one: why do people think that trust has declined?
And if I think about my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I used to think that it may have diminished in some activities or institutions, and that might have increased in others.
I don't know.
But I can go back to the opinion polls, and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that trust has declined.
When you look at the opinion polls over time, there are not many evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were downloaded 20 years ago, primarily journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago is still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest is in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly half the road.
But is this enough evidence?
What opinion polls record are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask certain questions.
Does it trust politicians? Trust in teachers?
Now, if anybody would ask you,``Are you trustworthy?
Do you trust the fishermen?
So trust teachers? ''
You'd probably start asking,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question,``Well, I trust some, but not in others . ''
It's very rational.
Ultimately in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel like a certain kind of officer, functional or kind of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my friend more race to keep a conversation, but not maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I think the polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to open the good judgment in the fact of trusting something or in someone.
Second, what about target?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal that I would pursue.
I would aim to have more confidence on what is a confidence, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a believer of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who report their savings with the very closely called Mr. Madota, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
deposited confidence or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say it, that says, yes, it's worth, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about to make a trial about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competent? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if you find that one person is competitive in the relevant materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust . .
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I don't trust them to bring a letter to the email, because they are forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competence.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like this, I still haven't noticed.
But that's what we're looking for: conflict before trust.
Trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we need to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've been trying to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that were easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a particular page, and he said,``Well, you'll see, the problem is that it takes more time to do the administrative paper than to attend the childbirth . ''
And we find the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee trustworthiness and the evidence tests, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is it will really difficult the work of people who have to do difficult tasks, like the midwives, demanded that``check the boxes"as we say.
I sure all of you know similar examples.
All of that, by the target.
I think the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we're trying to be worthy of trust and we will transmit people that we are trustworthy, and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's trial, simple actions, attitudes, what is not done properly.
Third, the task.
It will call the task to rebuild trust, put things down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because it makes us other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so you can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually, all the people, all the time.
But you've also got to make fascinating evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give them back without giving explanation.
I take them, and they give me money, or you change them by the color I want.
That's great . I trust them because they were vulnerable before me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good test that you're worthy of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not very hard to get rid of.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where imagination can be unleashed.
This separation has been reduced, increasingly, and more, to the point that today is less than one millimeter, the glass of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong oppression against the screen transfer their physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen.
So, with this tool, they broke the barriers.
But the two hands remain still outside the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using the whole dexterity of the hands?
In the Dialective Science division division, along with my Catholic Bop mentor, the computer led the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
Combine a transparent bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face, now you can raise the hands of the keyboard, get inside of the 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and archives have a location in real space, select it is as easy as grab a book of a shelf.
You can run the book and take lines or words with the virtual technical sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we enter the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and returned things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual Internet test.
This is the vision that you get from a device lying in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
What would a future look like?
At MIT with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Roman Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
Similar, what we did was we announced gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And by programming digitally the object, we release it from the constraints of time and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and will reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach programs physically and at the distance and the famous shot of Michael Jordan can be represented as a physical reality of the time we want.
Students can use it as tools to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something but begin to act directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to disconnect from our world.
We started the talk today to talk about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Houston, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first degree, the government wanted to transfer a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my mother tiger said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only one close path to happiness: safe, self-interest work.
No matter whether the work would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imagination piano.
An opera singer should start to train from very young to learn the absorbs, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I even wrote to the school director and the president of a radio program.
But no adult would get the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends would support me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew it was too much greater to train.
My dream will never be done.
It feared, during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire.
And this was so unfair.
So I resolved to look for another calling.
Anybody around me wanted to teach me? OK.
It turned out the books.
[" Open works"of Sanghamitra .' [`` Lessons of The History"in 1995, and what were the first books here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" Good Earth"is Chinese calinating life.
And it's not propaganda . I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``honor your father and your mother . ''
\" honoring ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to come out of this confinement trap and to reset the relationship with my parents.
I find a new culture also gave me place to my habit of comparative reading.
It creates a lot of perspectives.
For example, at first, this map seemed to me, because this is what the students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research fields like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it as well in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people [Benjamin Franklin"by Walter Island] [`` John Adams"by David McClure, who were involved in one event, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, temptation are economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, it's all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Path of Changify Tzu"[" The Road of the Tail"instead of losing in translation, I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother ."oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people in the past and the present.
I know it will not be lonely or impossible.
Having a dead dream is really not compared to what many others have suffered.
I've come to believe that the realization is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from.
It can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So the books always take them.
Thank you.
Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a Ph.D. student in a clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
Alex came into the first session using jeans and a hole shot, and he ran on the couch of my office was removed the shoes and said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My class company had a blackboard as a first customer.
And I played a video that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the funny stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy only to move the head while we ran the solution.
\" The traffickers are the new 20s, I said Alex, and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you get married after, you have children later, to death happens later.
For televisions like Alex, there was time to go.
But shortly later, my supervisor pushed me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, you're coming out with guys under your category, it deals with a hollow head, but it's not like it was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, but maybe married the next one.
Also, the best time to work in Alex's marriage is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a``Aha!"moment.
It was when I realized that the '30s are not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what was used, but this didn't make Alex's 20 were a pause in their development.
This made the 20 of Alex were the perfect time and we were wasting it.
So I realized, this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem and had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for careers, the families and the future of the windows everywhere.
There are 50 million watts in America today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you think nobody comes to adulthood without happening before by the 20.
Raise your hand if they're in your 20s.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with windows, you love a window, you take your dream out of a window, I want to see . It's right . Amazing, the red ones matter.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of key moments in life will go at 35.
This means that eight out of every 10 decisions and experiences and``Aha!"moments that give it a life to their life when you have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, not in panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I believe.
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they will win.
We know that more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and it's replaced for adulthood, which means that if there's something that you want to change themselves, now is the time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its pitch at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a time in which your daily and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development and our 20 are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the windows are listening.
newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
The journalists have ridiculous names, like``Twitter"and``silent . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that's actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think happens when you hit a window in your head and say,``You have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They steal that person the sense of urgency and their ambition, and it doesn't happen absolutely nothing.
And then every day, smart, interesting videos like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this:``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't count . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says as you start a career before the 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are for finishing and I still have nothing to show.
I had better corruption the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound something like this:``My dates during the 20s were like the game of the chairs.
Everyone runs and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music is turned out, and everybody started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one to stay standing, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the closest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but they don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there is a huge pressure to the traffickers and so many of you start a career, choose a city, choose a couple, to have two or three children in a much shorter period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything of once to the 30.
The middle age crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
Realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of dealers and gentlemen see themselves, and I, sitting in the room, and talked about their 20s,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman named Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he'd like to work in art or entertainment, but you couldn't even decide, so I spent the last few years working as the waiter.
As it was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living very difficult 20, their previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then she got up she said,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost all time.
He had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent the entire morning to fill it with her many contacts, but then you see the empty space that goes after the words``emergency case, please call...''
I was at the point of history when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of if you give me cancer? ''
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say,``Me . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried about.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as just to sit down as the decade of Emma's decisive.
So, over the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the window, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that it would forget that identity crisis and get capital of identity.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that adds your person value.
Doing something that is an investment in what you want to be later.
I didn't know the future of Emma's career, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that one, from that company that you want to test.
I'm not getting rid of the standard exploration, I'm getting rid of the exploration that I shouldn't tell, , by the way, is not exploration.
It's prostitution.
I told Emma that I would explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are saved.
The best friends are great to take you to the airport, but the televisions that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in how much they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from their closest circle.
New things come from what they call the friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the windows have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half no, and the weak links are the shape of this group.
Half of the created jobs are never published, then, knowing the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a non-lethal job.
It's not cheating . it's the science of how information is happening.
The last but not least, Emma believed you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a vibration, Emma would soon choose his family, when he has a partner and form her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that 30 is better age to sit down than 20 or even 25 and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live in now, or now you get out of now when everyone in Facebook starts walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have it, and that involves being as intentional in love as you are at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing the time with whoever you are.
So what happened with Emma?
Well, we looked at that conductor, and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That piece of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organizations of events in museums.
He's married with a man who consciously chose.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and I sent me a letter that said,``Now, emergency contacts are not big enough . ''
Emma's story can sound easy, but that's what I love about working with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
The windows are like airplanes coming out of Los Angeles Airport, which come out somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight adjust in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or at 25, and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good study, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the following years or even the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading to all the windows that you know . .
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I now have the privilege of telling you to teeth like Emma every day: the trees are not the new 20, they're doing their adult, getting identity capital, using their weak ties, choosing your family.
They're not allowed to define what they didn't know or what they didn't.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very exciting job in prison consulting for a work that was even more demanding: the doctor.
I went to show you math students in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the job came back, I calculated grades.
What struck me was that CSI was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance didn't have I.Q . score.
Some of my smartest children weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, secure, are difficult: proportions, doctors, the area of a pandemic.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during enough time.
After several years of doctor, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure differently.
It's the I.Q ., but what if being successful in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn quickly and easy?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study, my question was, who's successful here and why???
My research team and I went to the Middle Academy West Point.
We tried to predict what roads would stay in military training and who would withdraw.
We went to the National Council of Deletion, and we tried to predict which kids will advance the most far possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school and of those, who will be the most effective to improve the results of the learning of their students?
We partnered with private companies, asking, which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a feature came up with a major predictor of success.
And it was not social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the I.Q . .
It was determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to cling to their future, day after day, not just for the week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon, not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my definition of determination and then wait about more than a year to see who would graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination were significantly greater likely to graduate, even when I moved them into every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized testing, even security that children felt when they were in school.
So not only is it in West Point or at the National Progress of Deletion in which determination matters . It's also in school, especially for children in risk of abandoning it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that knows science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a solid ethic of work?
How do you keep them motivated for the long term?? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know what I know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data is very clearly that there are lots of talented individuals who are just not going ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the determination is constantly not related or even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called``growth mindset . ''
This is an idea developed at Stanford University for Carol Deck, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Dewey has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes, and it grows in response to the challenge, they are much more likely to persuade when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech will end, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a gecko, one of my most terrifying memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreign, it seems to be as unthinkable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can remove this wall, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and quick method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes in each character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read transit signals, menus menus, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a fragile way,``Australia! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original of the way I call it, but I like to believe that it's the other way.
This is a tree.
tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree tree
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a couple door doors in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
These are building blocks for you to believe many more characters.
A person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old man says, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idiot . Easy to remember, because a parallel tree is quite idiots.
Remember the fire?
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of calls.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flashes.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and one night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a table inside the door, is the pig of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I touch, is there anybody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, they're careful.
So we've already gone for almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eight will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characters, which is the same thing that you learn a eight-year-old.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and fire together, we have a mountain of fire . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the sun . .
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun together, we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached to each other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese employees were displaced by their political enemies beyond the mountains.
Today, exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you to go out is an exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be Daddy is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my children, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Wizard of Oz together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gibance, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic wand.
But when you see that movie so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, Oz's magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took for a few years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonists, a metal boy and a hairy boy rescued a girl who was dressed as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two movies, there's a couple of big differences between the Wizard's magician and all the movies we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Wizard of Oz.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I believe that if the Wizard's magician was done today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy . ''
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer-generated armies of the evil breast.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the Wizard magician is that the most heroic, wise characters, wise and even villain are women.
I started noticing this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that point, I also had a son.
It's just three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had dropped down . So he stood up in the room and he was impressed as a mom, and I had her backyard, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but, inevitably, it absorbs everything.
I wonder what it was.
Would you mean value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the sense that Luke is one military to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the Wizard of the 1939.
How do you win Dorothy his film?
By making good messages with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow up, OK, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital F, force in the movies for our children, and so little about the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in the girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the Lester princess didn't provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the world of adults who are a male . I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right??
My quest has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you standing there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like it's a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, the kids, are not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend against the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Herbia and Kansas, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues in classic after classical after classical, each of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who are born a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out Valley.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in shops.
Remember what the critic said when he came out brave?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a film of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these movies passes the test of February.
I don't know if you heard about this.
It hasn't done roots, yet, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alisa Becken is a comic comic book, and in the late 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend of the movies that they saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that should be done: in the movie, is there more of a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something more besides the boy who like? Okay? Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet I see it in the movies that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Argentina.
Right? Rubber rules, tag success, a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood movie film.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen the test of February.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an embassy where men and women hide during the retinal crisis.
We have many scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great time for one of the actors to get a look at the door and say,``Are you coming to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 more popular movies, how many of them think they have female protagonists?
Okay . It's not wrong.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've elected recently for Congress, so it's okay.
But there's a greater number than this that's going to decide this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women say it has been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't believe that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something is wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there's a lot of sexual agriculture.
Who are those guys?? What are they learning?
What don't they get to learn?
You're planning the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who has no friends and doesn't speak?
Are we using that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as to turn power, and we hope that to help, but I have to ask, do I turn power is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we need to show our children a new definition of men.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the cliff.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character from Star Wars know what he responded?
Orlehvimmen.
Origanic Kenya and Glano.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They're leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories where my son is telling my son: Go and struggle just and more stories where her work is to join a team, maybe a team team for women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things that I loved was looking for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see forms and patterns that helped me pick them up.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love, and architecture.
And finally when I started studying Egypt, I realized that I saw my own eyes was not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,000 miles of length next to the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite pictures.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see otherwise.
I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrared.
This is a place located in Egypt's eastern delta called Beijing.
And the place, at simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared, and we process it by using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how satellite data has used to find an ancient Egyptian city called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in Cairo, Egypt, and it's really important because at the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicate within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum planning.
This area is enormous, it's about six per mile.
Before, the Nile flow right next to Italy, and as it changed over time, he got stuck into this and covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city suspended in an extensive landscape?
Trying to find the chance would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So, we use NASA shocked data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flow.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that looks inside the circle here, that we think it could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the ice shows in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we seek human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of sludge, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five feet below, we have a several hundred years of a several hundred years that data from the Middle Empire, exactly the same period we think it's Italy.
We also found the jobs of perfect, corner, quartz and cat, which shows there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that gives the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more important, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire, probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all the voices.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So, according to, TED was not founded in 1984 . C.
It made ideas happen in 1984 to a city in a lost city, not for a long time and found from high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door door.
I'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door, the material that it's done.
Now visualize a group of obese orbits in bicycles.
They're competing in a bicycle neighborhood race and they're going to address their entry door.
I need you to see this really.
They're getting strong, they're sweating, they're jumping a lot.
And they collide against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that pass on their side, railroads of the wheels that end up in absurd places.
To the lobby, to the hallway, or what's going on to the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light . The light glow about the Montagonia of the Galapagos.
He's waving them with hands.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse talking.
You can feel your blue fur making them tickle in the nose.
You can smell the oats of oats, and you get that it's about to get into the mouth.
They go on on one side, and they enter their living room.
In the room, and doing maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
He's with a little clothes, dancing on its head of center, singing``Hitler Ball Old One".
Now hold the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a yellow path, and from the oven, they come to you Mother, the Man of Harvard, the Spanish and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"they grabbed the hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the United States of the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a flavor of wise.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, just just once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes . minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize more rapidly the order of a deck of names.
And I thought,``This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I said,``Ed, when you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed said,``I'm not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who's participating from this competition say they have normal memory.
\" We've trained us to perform these miraculous acts of memory using ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cicero used to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How did I not hear about this before? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed, who's wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit exciting, he said,``Josh, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a live barrier, on national television.
That would test the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Special Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
So do you have to start for something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the year next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't work, and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called ED.
He's symphony, it's very likely with the worst memory in the world.
Her memory was so bad that he didn't even remember that I had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed to see to what extent our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Pener . He was based on the paper of Dubor Hoffman in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent a afternoon together in the Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books; it was flashing.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about writing memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in Antarctica, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained, disciplined and cultured memory was not just as rare as you can look at today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They have changed us culturally, and I would say that we have changed us too.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained, discipline and cultured memory is this very unique memory of memory.
It's not really so unique; there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers at the University University of London invited a group of memory champions, the lab.
Do you want to know,``Is it going to have brains in some way, structure or anatomically different from the rest of us? ''
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually, no.
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of memory champions and control subjects with them to compare them.
When they put them into a MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow . they found that in memory champions, they lit parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The competitive memory tournament is driven as an armed career where someone comes up with someone with a new way of remembering more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put to the day.
This is my friend Ben Prize, three times champion of memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there's 36 narrow names of disaster who he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and only mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 430 random binary digits.
Half an hour . Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competence, absolutely all of the techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call``electronic coding . ''
It illustrates with a perfect paradox known as the Babylon paradox . [Barbara] says the same thing: I say to two people who remember the same word . I say to you,``Remember that there is a man named Baker . ''
That's his appeal.
And then I ask you,``Remember there's a battle . ''
And when I went back later, and I ask them,``Remember that word I told you a while ago? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who said her work is``battery . ''
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name B, it doesn't actually mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word,``battle"-- we know flags.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell good when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we've heard that word for the first time, we started putting physical hooks to catch them easily at some positive moment.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as``memory palace . ''
The story says this: There was a poet called Similarits I attended a banker.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't take a DJ, he hired a poet.
He stood up, he got his poem of memory, and he marched, and as soon as he was, the bank room was collapsed.
murdering them all.
But it's not just killed all of us, but it destroys bodies by leaving them recordings.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you couldn't understand the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similarly, standing outside, only survivor, in the rubble of the rubble, closed your eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in every invited.
I took the family's family to hand them where they were their loved ones between rubble.
What I was warning at that moment is something we all know about, or less intuitively, and that is that no matter if we're not good to remember names or phone numbers or word instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and expectation.
If I ask you to get the first 10 words of the story I just told you about Similarities, it's very likely to do it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if I ask you to say, who was sitting on the horse, short brown in his lobby, would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory of memory is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, displaced, funny, back and stink is the image, more unlikely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk, and you want to make it memory, the same way that Cicero would have done if you were invited to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And to imagine some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help them remember that the first thing you want to mention is that competition completely inspired.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and seeing the Galois of the Galapagos mountains on Mister Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote you want to count.
And then you enter the kitchen, and the fourth issue you would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for words, that's going to confuse it, typical by typical.
In fact the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek Greek, which means``place . ''
It's a ventilate of when people thought about the lawyer and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first ,"would be like the first place in its memory rate.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I was full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something else about this subculture of competitive memorizing.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a genetically boring event.
Seriously, it's like looking at a lot of people sitting on tests, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone gets married.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school anonymous bought in a flea market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is better to improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous, cartoons, provocative, insulin, absurd and hopefully hopefully, in the eye of mind.
I'm pretty excited about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a couple of saddles and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory journalist experiment.
I thought this could be a good job for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest, something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it's not necessary to be built out of memory or memorize bars in the memory, to benefit with a little bit of personalization about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
The most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we're deeply focused on.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing, sort of a full attention that most people don't go around.
But the reality is there are no shortcuts.
That's how things get memorable.
And if there's something that I want to leave you today, it's what EPA, the shame that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's already our short existence for us in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to human beings in front of us, who walks on our side . Are we going to be so honest that we don't even bother processing deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person who remembers to remember.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you today about the last 30 years in architecture of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex issue, so we'll just take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there at my parents home in a town called Librari, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, there was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that was giving the room to be.
And there they all spent the time looking at the telly, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, all of me see me, and every time I was shower and I went back into a towel, all of me see me.
And I was like this.
It was clumsy, insecure and hated.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, or dinosaur division, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we feel like that, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I'm excited about: you think of``power ,"`` stability"and``democracy . ''
And I know that you think about it that way in a building building 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a unfortunate that architects use to create an emotional connection to the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time ago.
We used it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in the United States, we use it to build houses.
Look, these solid, solid soldiers in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build, urbanization and governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know they're going to work.
That's why we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Public Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome; it has this round thing, columns, red bricks, which let you enter what Librarians is trying to communicate with this building: children, property values, history.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library ended up like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side there is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new kinds, new solutions for current life forms.
We drive, we drive and drive so much, that we get completely out of people.
All black, this depressing us . You think we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do that, and we're all happy, but we feel like treatments, so we start experimenting again; we make the pendulum back on the back, again and over again . So we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course, in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we took out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brain.
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, in democratic scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back in the other direction.
We take those forms that we know that they like and we update them.
We add together, and we add pages and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give up . .
We take Palestinian closet and we converted them into skyscrapers, which can be made of medieval materials made of glass.
The shapes were grown, they won in audacity and colorful.
The brakes became columns.
The dinner grew up to the size of the buildings.
A madness.
But it was 80, that was great.
We all spend the time in commercial centers, we move into the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasies could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
It's probably a singer of bread sticks.
So this is what happens with professor.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, , rather than creating new spaces, we prescribe memories from other places.
I know very well, and all you know, that this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
Architects are frustrated, and we start making the pendulum back in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decoration.
We cut the historical symbols; we now have new kinds of computer design techniques, and we find out with new compositions -- a few ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and drunk, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the spark pendulum again in opposite direction.
But then something surprising happened.
In 1997, this building is opened.
It's the Guilton of Bilbao, Frank Gehry.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldberg said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical, academics and public in general, were completely according to a building.
The New York Times newspaper has been able to get this miracle building.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spring.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical forms, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media got divorced around them and quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these shapes.
The same did the main mayors of the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning from the new millennium happened with other star architects.
He happened to Zach and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started going on with all the architecture . digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is accelerated: you can take a ship, an airplane, they can be tourists.
The technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers, on the telly, and at the end, we are all architecture photographers, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't have a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before knowing if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there has never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen . I believe, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete, steel or elevator, the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to media, it starts to scale faster and faster, until it's in both extremes, and it's effectively distributed the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects, and you, the audience.
We can now make almost instant symbols, emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was gone.
This is the center of a village called Pinic Pieces in New York State.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the finished product, there were no surprises.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people started coming and shared it in social media, the building stopped being a media, because these are not just images of a building, are the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that does correspondence with collective memory, and when you load these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media hasn't only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and the buildings.
Think for a second in those Library libraries.
If that building would be built today, we would first go to the Internet to search for new libraries.
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
ammunition that can lead to the mayor of Librari, to people in Liberia, and tell you that there's no unique response to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom of experiencing.
It's all different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use great words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a disabled audience who doesn't accept anything that you've seen before.
Architects can listen, and you're not allowed to be extinct by architecture.
That means that the space of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that society faces.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings of tomorrow will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sevitha can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
This means that a few robots can build our buildings, because we finally will be ready for the shapes that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are used to the whims of nature and not the contrary.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming on the East River in New York, and to raise half a million dollars from the community together around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means no building is too small for innovation, like this little bank of lion, as muscle and fibers like the animals that are going to look at.
Because it doesn't matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects know how to make more ecological, smarter and more friendly buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them to do.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
You find an architect, control and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give it way to the smallest spaces: local libraries, households where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
It just had a year and he started walking.
And it does that great, typical of the children in a year, shooting, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's completely gorgeous.
And one of the things that I like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed, and it gives himself those big, wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all his friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do this . And he made me think,``When do I do this?"?
How do we suddenly not taste with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people are looking for Google,``Am I ugly? ''
This is Facebook, it's 13 and he lives in Denver.
And like any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for the next week in school.
It's got a little bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though her mom tells her all the time it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells you it's ugly.
Among what his mom says and what his friends, or school colleagues say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, he publishes it on YouTube, and he asks others to please leave a comment,``Am I, or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Faiza has received more than 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal and current adolescent, which gets these answers in one of the stages of their life most vulnerable . .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are the ones carrying them to do this?
Well, the teenagers of today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving me, by saying, sharing, publishing, this never ends . .
We've never been so connected before, in a continuous way, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like a party in your room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from the hand with that are impossible.
This environment, from being connected, is adding our children to advert in the number of``I like"that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it is not.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is digitally manipulated.
What is the most distant thing about someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are cover from the news of girls in now.
Middle logging models continue to dominate our passports.
The engineering technique is now a routine.
And trends like:``The threat ,"`` three-dimensional ,"`` biomeral ,"and he's propaganda.
For those of you who know it, the protein means propaganda.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are compared to.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of sports sports, and the republic singers.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy, and they are well-being individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to devote more time and mental effort to their appearance, the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capabilities, their studies and other aspects start suffering.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they're not pretty enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in classrooms . They avoid to participate in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical looks.
One in five are not attending classes at all for days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in tests, if you don't think you're looking at it enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a smaller note to the average of your peers who don't care about it.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you're really.
The low self-esteem about their body is delivering academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Teenagers with a little bit less physical activity, they eat less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more diets that can lead to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in higher risk of depression.
And we think it's all over this, so they make more risky decisions, like alcohol and drug consumption, dramatic diets, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and no protection and self-definition . .
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing the healthcare system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or don't have higher rates of abuse.
17 percent of women don't present to a work interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way you see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
This potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that??
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We have to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of the perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse . .
So, we must make sure that the program that our children follow not only have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first one is family influence, friends and relationships.
These six things are critical points for any willing to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental, but we're going to face this problem requires each of us who will take the stores in the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell the contribution of our politicians in hairs or the size of their breasts, or the size of their breasts, or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
We all can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you had a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to really change our culture, so that our children are growing up to value all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make those who come out in the big screen, because we'll just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they think they see they're never seen to be who they are, or to reach out what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who has in mind?
Your wife?
Did you sister?
Your daughter?
Your niece? Your friend?
It could just be the woman who is two seats away, what would it mean for her if it was liberated from that self-destructive voice inside, that I'm encouraged by not having long legs, more thin, a more flat wind, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we overcome this, and we would take it up to its potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is telling us all.
But let's take our kids the truth.
Let's show that the way you look at it is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each one of us, the way we talk about and compare to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small waste of a year of age today will become agents of safe change themselves.
So let's do it.
On November five , 1990, a gentleman named Elizabit Nature entered a hotel in Manhattan and murder to the rabbi measures Khan Khan, the leader of Defense Jews League.
We initially declared it innocent, but being prisoners for other minor charges, in company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels and synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI report.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, you couldn't avoid.
Later, I would be convicted for his participation in that attack.
Elice Natasha is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, primary school teacher, between the two did everything to give me a happy childhood.
Just when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, that very few, even most Muslims, come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, they don't require a lot to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all of human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are so deeply drawn to their convictions that you think you have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last weekends of weeks, he and a few friends had been going on to sit training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We came to the sports of the Sally Street that, without knowing our group, was monitoring by the FBI.
When I was shooting, my father helped me holding the rifle in the shoulder and explained how to aim the target at about 30 feet.
That day, with the last bullet I shot, I gave the little orange light on the target, and, to surprise all of us, especially the whole goal in flames.
My uncle became the others and in Arabic, said``Abuse Abraham . ''
Such father, such a child.
Everybody, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later I understood what it was so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a paint on 700 pounds of explosives in the northern tower of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people, and he had 1,000 other thousand.
I admired those men.
I called them``Love ,"which means you.
When I turned 19, I had been moved 20 times, that instability during my childhood was not allowed to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about somebody, it was time to pack and go to another city.
As it was always me, the new face of the class with a frequency was material victim.
I was a secret secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silent and record, it was enough ammunition.
So most of the time it was happening at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, I didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, for growing under phantom, was not prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I tried to test my way to think about, was during presidential elections in 2000.
In a computer program where I participated in the Junerie National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence, as I had been a subject victim almost all my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had done friendship was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light, and I realized that there was no animation between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and frankly I felt very proud of having been able to see the barrier that my entire life had made me believe that it was an inexhaustible.
Another crucial moment emerged when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, and that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and by extension, all the homosexuality were bad influences.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most friendly and less critical that I'd seen in life.
Having been accused as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
And so I was able to contrast the stereotypes that had taught me as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is of being gay, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the``Daily Show . ''
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my intolerance, and helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, it became my own pattern at a time when I was desperately doing it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would conserve in my heart forever, while it's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough dominant and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zambia Evalont.
He changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So, why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone, someday, who's about taking the violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that although I was telling me this violent, intelligent ideology, I didn't get to make me fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against prejudice.
I do it for the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, the terrible pain and losses that terrorism has produced in their lives.
By the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm exposed to this, as a proof that violence is not inherent to no religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you . Thank you very much.
At this point there's a film that's projected in their minds.
It's an amazing multi-market film.
It's 3D, and it has a regular sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your film has an argument, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as the moments of your childhood that are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the mind and the world's experience.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being existence.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon of the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why are we not just robots that processed what we get to produce results without experiencing the internal movie?
At this point, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective . .
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for most of the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pental said,``Now is the moment for science to tackle consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, an flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . it was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to time.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain it by saying that this kind of business work answers some questions that we want to explain consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they're correlated with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied by consciousness?
Why is there a subjective inner movie?
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like emotions, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical developments are all emerging behaviors, how the emissions operate, how the hurricanes work, how they reproduce, they adapt and metabolism the living organisms . They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here is, the standard paradigm of emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific heart scientist.
I want a scientific theory of the depression that works . For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But ultimately I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're standing at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, cool explanations . We used this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
On the other hand, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is a kind of anomaly, something that we need to integrate our worldview, but we don't know yet how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
The crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you've got to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I'm left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they're considered fundamental, and the world is built.
Sometimes, the list of the fundamental is attached.
In the 19th century, Maxwell discovered that you cannot explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts, space, time, mass, Newton laws . So I put the basic laws of the election, and I put electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, load, then for logic, you have to alert the list.
The most natural would be post-conflict as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle it.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say we want so simple laws that we can engage in a break.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find very simple laws that we can engage on a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called penguin:``Pan"for all,``persuasive"for mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even microbes in Rob Knight, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when you think``Oh, I always travel at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How do anybody think something so crazy?
In part, it comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is fundamental.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, is natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems illogical, it's much less for people of different cultures, where human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful form of finding fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is linking awareness with information.
Whenever there is information processing, there's consciousness.
complex information processing, like a human being, complex awareness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Now, something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Global Tong, took this kind of theory and development of mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called``finger ,"which measures the degree of integrated information in a system.
And it's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of child, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse, there's a middle degree of information integration, just quite significant, very important consciousness.
But when you get to the worms, microbes, particles, the degree of cinema.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero.
In Huntington's theory, there will still be a different level of zero consciousness.
In fact it provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of child, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that psychology can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes reality of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that goes underneath.
As explain Stephen Hawking,``Where does the fire come from? ''
From psychic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts it in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside of the physical world as a kind of additive . .
It's right there at the center.
This vision, I believe, the psychic vision, has the potential to convey our relationship to nature, and can have pretty serious social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illogical.
I used to think I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a psychic and accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think that thinking, well, this tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration is not so much the fact of consciousness, but your importance and your complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Samantha artificial intelligence system in the movie``H"?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of psychic information, she has a complicated process of information, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, it's really serious ethical problems on the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of turning them off.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of full collective, planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience at a TED Talk, right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal film for this whole TED group, different of the internal movies in each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that must take seriously.
So this personalized view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love it.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path towards a serious consciousness theory.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait for it overnight.
But I think we're finally going to find it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I believe, to understand the universe and understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the crazy crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural town in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I went to my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She actually hasn't got anything ."and they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's slow, and I spent a long time looking at the``Buble's Valencie Slaver"and``Dadas's Creek . ''
Yes, I know what contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as an achievement if we take the disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of teaching at Melbourne school in Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the 11 class of legal studies a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
I said,``What a speech? ''
Well, I had been talking to you about the law of difficulty for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually in the act of acts . ''
And that was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disability as objects of inspiration.
And we are not, and it's not guilty of the guy, that is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manufacturers.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage that I do in this wheelchair, and probably you're waiting for them to inspire you . Right? Yes.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you that.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, they've sold us the lie that disability is something bad, March, Marcula, capital.
It's something bad and living with a disability makes you remarkable.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make any exceptions.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is unambiguous ."in effect.
Or this one:``Before I leave you, try! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with carbon fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the porn, deliberately, because they rank a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set up disabled in the benefit of people with no disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for very bad, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times that I've lost the number of times that have been weird to express that they believe I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to sew.
These images, those images embody people with disability in people with no disability.
They're there for you to see, and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as disabled person is actually something difficult.
We overcome some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think of.
These are not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm called the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited with him.
It makes things that I need to do, and I've learned to get the best of their capacity as you do it, and that's what happens to the children of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to celebrate them in the way that we do, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're a source of inspiration ,"you say it as a compliment.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because they've sold us this lie that disability makes us remarkable.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what you're thinking . .
I'm here by combining the inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Steve, are you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue sticks to pick up the things that fall on me . I learned the ingenious trick of how to load the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that exceptions and care.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lying is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a set of stairs has never done it becomes a ramp.
Never . smiling to a television screen will not make the subtitles appear for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and irritating a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching``Buble The Select Seller"is not considered no memory of nothing to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy for raising from bed and remembering our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 year-old child at a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair user.
The disability doesn't make us remarkable, but to question what you believe to know about what it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to do the augmented reality and the professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a channel without charge?
Unfortunately, I'll just answer one of those questions, so please don't get rid of.
When people think of augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report"and in Tom Cruise, holding the hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step, it's what I wear: the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure a lot of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you'll fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, underneath a helmet and know what's running through the game field to 160 miles, the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a 120 pounds of person chasing us, trying to advocate with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing pleasant.
I bring some videos to show you what is to use Google Glass under the helmet, and give them an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NFL practice, because the idea of the NFL of emerging technology is a submarine rising on the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kelly: We go.
It's horrible to be touched.
A moment . We get a little bit.
Ready?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a protection of what is being picked in the football field, from the perspective of the catches.
You may have realized that there are people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, cut from Washington University.
Field marketing: mice 54! 42.
Blue 8, Blue 8! Go!
Chris Kelly: This is a little bit more about feeling being in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a marketing machine.
Or a runner? ''
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get to the next level?
We took it at that level using something called Eco-energy Rift, who surely knows many.
The College Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap word.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!!
Oh, my God! Oh!!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fear for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we make an Adrian Peter video crossing the line, getting rid of a catalog with the arm before we run and making an notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Messame running around the shell, throwing the ball back to the network, or Derek doing a cup in Wikipedia?
What will be your experience when you get rid of a mountain to more than 100 miles as an Olympic skier?
Perhaps the sales of diapers for adults.
But this is not still augmented . .
It's just virtual reality, X-ray . .
How do we achieve augmented reality, right?
We reach the augmented reality when the coaches, the males and the owners, see information about what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win parties? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief report on technology in NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore's People put it to their field marketing to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the match because it was more exciting, faster . .
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the helmet of the fields of the fields and after the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine you're a player coming back to your group, and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic visit that you're wearing, you don't have to worry about forgetting a player.
or to memorize strategy.
Just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if you don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way of collecting information and using it in real time to improve your way of playing the game.
How would you do?
Well, a very simple option would be a camera at every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of people who are down.
You also get information from the sensors and the accelerometer, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
Bad people will have information overload.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad equipment.
So your team of computing is as important as your recruitment, and data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
It will also be for sports . Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field marketing.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look at an open receiver . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left part of your bombsight is that a defense behind you is going to attack you . normally, you don't see it, but the A.I . system would tell you.
Advances to the protection area.
Another flashlight is that there's an open receptor.
You launch the ball, but you wake up.
And the ball loses trajectory.
You don't know where to land, though, the receiver sees in his bombsight, a blade of grass that lights and can modify the race.
It's about, caught the ball, run and encourage.
The audience goes down and the fans have followed the player from every angle.
This is something that will create massive emotion in the party.
I'll make lots of people see it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is: we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use just as bread and circus, like our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions is from the perspective of victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it's alive?
How much does it also be for a Hadult Henald or a Neil December Trust trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than quarterly and Kradebarania??
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we do, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as usual, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired me after 23 years of service at the High School of California.
And most of those 23 years, I spent the southern end of Mary County, including the Goldman Gate Bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspiration architectural style.
Unfortunately, it's also an magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1973.
Joseph Strauss, a chief engineer who was commissioned to build the bridge, said,``The bridge is practically to test suicide.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probable . ''
But from its openness, more than 1,600 people have jumped their death from that bridge.
Some believe that traveling between the two towers will bring you to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so the fall from it releases you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath clean your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a drop of four to five seconds, the body copy against the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact broke the bones, some of which are providing vital organs.
Most of them dies in impact.
Those who don't, usually stream in the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think that the people who are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death of the death that will be confronted.
This is the cable.
Except about the two towers, there are 32 inches of steel steel parallel.
This is where most people get before to take away their lives.
I can tell you that once the person is on that edge, and at their darkest time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year as this young man talked to an officer by controlling his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we had success that day to bring it back on the railing.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who contemplating suicide, but the officers also.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train new officers.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year when I received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the corner near the center.
I responded, and when I came, I watched Jason talking to an official from the Golden Gate Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here twice before New Jersey to try suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, we were asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember Greek mythology, Zeroftshells created Pandora, and sent him to the Earth with a box, and he said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
And she came out of plans, sorrows, all kinds of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and not hope? ''
He stopped the right, leaned on the right, and it was.
This smart, intelligent boy in New Jersey just took away life.
I spoke to Jason's parents that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collaborative damage of suicide affects a lot of people.
So I ask them these questions: what would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone love was suicide?
What would you say?
Would you know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listen to understanding.
Don't argue, blame, or say to the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point you need.
If you think someone is suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is,``Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life; you've had these thoughts? ''
To confront the person in front can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search: despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve; impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
And I came up with this talk just a couple days ago, and I got an email of a lady and I'd like to read her letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it is with her permission and blessing that I read you.
\" Hello, Kevin . I imagine you are at TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to your friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still pretty numb, but by noticing more moments to realize that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Petering to San Francisco to see the cover of the 49 with his father on January 19.
I never got there.
I called the Pittsburgh police and reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came home and reported that Mike's car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge at 1856 in the late day.
Thank you so much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight themselves.
Who has not been wrong without suffering a real mental illness?
It should not be so easy to end up with her.
My prayers are with me for your struggle.
Google, the Goldman Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Zipcar . ''
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the way his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, responded to a radio call by a possible suicide subject on the sidewalk of the bridge near the north tower.
I drove my bike out of the sidewalk and looked at this man, Kevin Bertrand, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the railing, and stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next hour and a half, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to be his account that day back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, happiness.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked her,``What made you go back and give the hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``You hear me.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
\" Dear Mr. British, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you're one of the reasons why Kevin remains with us.
And honestly, I think that Kevin was clear for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly medicalized.
I adopted Kevin when I had only six months, completely unconscious of all of those researchers, but, thanks to God, we know now.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
Just in debt with you, Orange Berkeley . ''
And at the end she writes,``Pep . When I visited San Francisco's Hospital that night, you figure out like the patient.
\" Wow, I have to solve! ''
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspired others.
suicide is not just something that I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather is suicide with poison.
That act, even though I finished their own pain, I was stealing the opportunity to meet.
This is what suicide does.
For most of the suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they would not think about encouraging another person.
They just want your own pain to end.
Usually, this is only about three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I said, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and suicide calls around the bridge.
From those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other was a man who talked about about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand on three occasions.
In the final learner, I looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I went out.
Awful, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived, and that they can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second thing they left on the side, they realized they had made a mistake and wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Marine with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every one of us should be striving to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but you know what you are, and a question is, how do you become?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever ever been.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, that I'm going to refer to you later, when I look at this picture, I think,``Oh, Google, you get it, you get . ''
But the past October, I discovered that, just, I'm starting.
We all love our families, our religion, our society, our time in history, even our bodies.
Some people have the courage to release, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or the beliefs of those around us.
These are people who always challenge the status quo, which is accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, a lot of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
And I think this puzzle is called a revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded me as``child"when I was born because of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt on your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew how to self-assemble.
The gender has always considered an unchanging fact, but now we know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I think I'm going to be what I'm bad at, but how the world treats those of us who want to release.
Every day I appreciate to be a woman.
I have Mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am . .
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates gender mystery.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu god, heroin goddess.
And when I was eight years old, I was at a party in Los Philippines I celebrated these mysteries.
I was front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman came up to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me, this is the kind of woman I'd like to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still wearing a man, I met this woman called T.S . .
It's the director of a transparent beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why are you not involved in beauty competition? ''
He said to me that if she was involved by the expenditure fees and the dress, and that night, won in bathroom, won in turn, and he was third in the end of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty queens.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from the beauty of female women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of depression, especially when we traveled to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly than that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my request from the green card that could come to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm having fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a queen queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, I called me and said,``You know, if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender? ''
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also shows me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they perform the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgeries.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to do the surgery before you change the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driving license with the Gene name and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great time.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live, to feel worthy.
Suddenly, my fears were minimize.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think in this woman of Melinberry Alexis.
A young woman in New York who really lived his truth, that, depressed, put her life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November 20, we do a global vigil by the Central Day Day Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long history of people who fight and put up to injustice.
These are Marshall F. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, no fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that someday there's no more surveillance in November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am . .
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . Kathryn Schulz: Good, a quick question.
Good Roger: Sure . You see, first, thank you all my blessings.
To my parents, especially my parents, to my family, that itself is very strong.
I remember all the time I've attended young women, who I've oriented, and sometimes, when they were calling me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I was taking the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman?"?
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender in the birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that sandwich doesn't square, and there should be a space that would allow people to succeed, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The train movement is beginning compared to gay motion.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should be understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all be my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known by their children, but I am one of the few parents who are known to their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Half started his campaign by education defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were held in 2011, when they put up the juvenile National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, women's history is the history of injustice, of inequality, violence and exploitation.
You'll see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a girl, his birth doesn't celebrate.
It's not welcome, not by his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes, it gives their condoms to mother and no one happiness to the father.
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a girl.
When it gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it gets tricky, and with the hope of a child, when he would fight his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only mother suffers, but the daughter, the newborn daughter, when it grows, suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, it stays at home and school admit to their siblings.
Until 12 years old, it has a good life.
You can be fun.
He can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when it's 13 years old, he's banned to get out of his house without a male machine.
He's confined to the four walls of his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you transplant the code of that honor, it could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor, not only affects the life of a chap, also affects the life of the male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters in the name of honor.
And there's one more rule of patriarchal societies that is called obesity.
A good girl has to be very quiet, very humble and very subtle.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of his father and mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if it doesn't want.
If you get married with a man who doesn't like it or if you married it with an old man, it has to accept it, because it doesn't want to be useful.
If you get very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it disability.
And what happens at the end?
In words of a poet,``The married, they put it, and then give birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
You loved brothers and sisters, when Mali was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborn, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at her eyes, believe me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary flower of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Mauritius, and I called my daughter like this.
But when I looked at me, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote,``Bad . ''
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I admitted her in my school.
You might wonder, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I must mention.
You can do it for sitting in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for child life.
To be inspired in a school means the recognition of its identity and his name.
An argument to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was looking at the Canadian bombsight form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the surname of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters or his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and the safety of my daughter.
I encouraged him to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged him to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to incorporate them in their personality.
And this was not just for her, just for Malawi.
I've hit all these good values in my school to girls and children.
He used education for empathy.
I teach my daughters, teach students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called suspension.
You want brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the Taliban.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools lost.
girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the young girls and the singers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few talk, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill, and they shake when you speak for their rights.
It's really scary.
At the age of 10, Malaysia got up and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a day for the BBC blog, she was offered herself for the New York Times documentaries, and I talked on every platform that he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a culture around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the nine of October 2012, they shot him in the head.
It was one day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
While my daughter was debating between life and death, he whispered my wife to my wife,``Should I blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And I immediately said,``Please don't blame you.
They defend the fair cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of the truth, for the cause of peace, and the cause of education, and your daughter is inspired in you and joined.
They were both on the right path and God protecting it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital, and he had severe pain pain, because her facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through my wife's face.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to say,``I'm okay with my torture, and with the transformation in my face.
I'll be good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and we were considered.
Dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the hardest moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end up.
He fought with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What's special in my tofu that has made so bold to Malawi so brave, expressive and Ecuador? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't.
I don't cut your wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that recently I've joined the mosaic group of Google, where I've had a division to my charge -- the division of Google X, but all the work that I'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain, I did that before I joined Google or outside of my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get a brain operation.
Are you just like smart or not?
Of not that, will you be smart???
After neurosurgery, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not the gray matter, but it was the sticky dead of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide how much to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to follow life.
More than once I've ever saved.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experiment to try to get the optimal doses because there really doesn't exist a clear map that says it in detail.
I started testing with different mixing, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed my car, my sense of who I was, my behavior to think, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried doses and typical chemicals for a young man, and I was surprised to see how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and, of course, many times in the past I've met several types of things like that, maybe some advanced versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, an insecure so much, fixing a problem that had in front, and just didn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation on men and what they have to go through, since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to regain my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like humor, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are the idea, and there are a lot of arguments about how the mind works, and for me it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So, after several years, I'll find the right point, and I have lots of great mental, really vivid, very sophisticated and good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to carry these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what happens if a film director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments done by two decentralized groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image of functional MRI, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan made by Girlin Gates and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the scan of a person's brain that looks at an image.
The average column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as you imagine, looking at that same image.
The column on the right is created by looking at the central column of the left column, and you see the difference is almost zero-sum.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost zero-sum.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is from Jack Galton's lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed to turn brain waves into recyclable visual fields.
Let's put this way.
In this experiment, he showed the people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were scanned to create a great deal of reactions from the brain to video sequences.
Then, they were shown a film with new images, new people, new animals, and while a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using only the brain's brain information I decided to show what it seemed like the person was watching.
On the right, you can see the computer conditions, and on the left, the video that I showed you.
This blew us out.
We're okay about doing it.
We only need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it creates in the brain the same map.
This led to the highest brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times over the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer for that one.
A lot of people are proposing new projects of projection for images, even me, with the recent result of the MRI, first we should ask the next one, this technology will be the end of the path?
conventional wisdom is that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, more grain magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, don't increase for thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: rather than bigger magnets, we make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements, like doing a spirit.
And why does this care?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI was to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in representative of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decode, in the transmission and February radio receptors in MRI systems.
At its time, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use magnetic patterns used to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio processing patterns, we can increase mass information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide in layers of our growing knowledge about brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid of blood blood, but the of the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas in a direct way to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is big.
These are big questions.
It would be invisible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer's and similar diseases.
We have a few more choices than opening this door.
Anyway, choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that to take much more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'll talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just from gay closet.
I think we all have creatures.
Their closet may be to say to some person for the first time you love it or tell someone who's pregnant, or tell someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversations that you've gone through in life.
All of the closet is a hard conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived and have come out of that closet is universal.
It's scary, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I worked in the South Side Walk California, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of law military: I would not trace my armpits, quote the letter of Ann di France as a letter.
And I'll be feeling that by the hope of my short screen, and having shave my head recently, I would wonder a little kid,``Hey, are you a kid or girl? ''
And it would be an awkward silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rage of rage.
The father would be able to get the newspaper, and the mother would throw a cold look at her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would boil inside.
And I came to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time was ready, and I was about to go into the female affairs on the table . I had the quote from Betty Friedman.
The Gloria Steinem quotes.
Even a snippet of``Vagina Monologues"to show.
So I'm going to breathe, and I went down and my backs and my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at me what is not a challenge for a feminist owner, just a girl with a question,``Are you a kid or girl? ''
So I'll breathe again, I put up close to her, and I said,``Hey, I know that this is confusing.
I have the short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, like you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I am more of a girl of a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that girl looked at me, paying attention, and he said,``My favorite pajamas is raped and has a fish.
Can you give me a brush, please? ''
And that was it . Just``Ah, OK . You're a girl.
What about the bias that I asked? ''
It was the most easy conversation to all I ever had.
And why? Because the girl in the psyche and I, both, we were honest with each other.
Just as a lot of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a rainbow.
But within the dark, you can't know what color the walls are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
It's like my closet is not different from yours or yours.
Surely, I'm going to give you 100 reasons why to go out of my closet was harder than coming out of your closet, but this is the issue: The hard thing is not relative.
The hard thing is difficult.
Who can tell you to explain to someone who's declared it in a broken bank is harder than telling you that it's been fooled?
Who can tell you that this story that I have is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you're going to divorce?
There's something harder, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop planning what is difficult to what's difficult for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our arms, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sure, or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I, who had a horse tail, a high dress and shoes.
It wasn't the military lesbian ready to fight any four years to go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, curled in a corner of my dark closet, pushing my gay band, and moving only one muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever did.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to do not disappoint them, and now the world was turned back to purpose.
He was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that big, I will kill you.
One of my most memorable grenade launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many among the invited knew that it was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and cartoons, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents were, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women shouted,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Huh, would you ever be in the beaver? ''
\" Well yes, the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never been there, we've heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Huh, do you know my statistical Attonness??
It's very good, and he has never talked about having girlfriend . ''
\" Ah, what is your favorite TV program?
Our favorite program? Will and Grace.
And you know who love it? Jack . .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, discovered, but in waiting for me to desperately show her support, to make me know that he was on my side, I finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the grenade launchers.
And surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they were involved.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were expanding.
And what else can you ask someone, but will you strive?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations remain my strong point.
Ask anybody I've come out with.
But I'm improving, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pentagon girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic . .
Take the armor . Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for battle.
If you want somebody to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . just take it . Raise your patches.
If you know that they're gay, you're giving it.
If you say to your parents that might be gay, they will keep the hope that it could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly -- leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You're never apologize for that.
And some of them can go out safe, they can tell you what they've done, but they're never pleased by what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that's something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So next time you find in a dark closet, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very lonely, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the veil.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote from Export Dialect that``The question of if a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When European Diarrhea wrote this, he did this as a critic to the pioneers of computing as Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're an alien race, you don't know anything about the Earth's biology or the neuroscience of the Earth, and you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as Earthlings, we know that the reason is that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that has no concept about Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that explains how, until a certain moment in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet mysterious stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that led to a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of topics through science, through various disciplines, who were pointing, I believe, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be ultimately adjusted for the development of intelligence, and in particular, for the development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the robotic movement planning, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness robots from robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, there's an underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent to an E = and the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or keep the options open, with a force T, with the diversity of possible accessible future, yes, to an impending future time.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to be caught.
intelligence is trying to maximize the future freedom of action and maintain open options.
And so, considering this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Is the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: So, recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what happens if that tension cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence creates a deeper relationship?
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually arises directly from it?
To find out, we developed a software engine called Entropering, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that you find inside.
Amazingly, entropy could spend multiple animal intelligence tests, to play human games, and even make money by combining actions, all of that without that we would have done that.
Here are some examples of entropy in action.
Just like a foot human without falling, here we see Enclaportic blindly balanced a position using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part because we never gave him a goal.
Just decided for his account to balance the pole.
This ability of equilibrium will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
In addition, just like some other animals can cooperate from extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can perform a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game of putting against itself, including its potential for play.
So here we see entropy to entered new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and successfully kept the network connected.
This same capacity of network orchids also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
So here we see Enlightenment organizing the routes of a ship fleet, discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to extend the global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to autonomous defense problems, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Encricted Encrophens to discover and execute a strategy of compassion, selling in a simulated series of action negotiation, successfully increasing assets under its execution exponentially.
This risk management ability will have broad applications in finance and insurance.
Alex Wires: What you've seen is that a variety of intelligent cognitive human behaviors like tool use, walking upright and social cooperation, all of them are coming from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
We went back to the beginning of the robot of the robot, the``RNA"-- there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
Machines would be lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had all the concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then membranes and they're trying to get in the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise to take control, rather than backwards.
Another important consequence is objective search.
And they often ask me,``How is it that looking for goals is getting rid of this kind of framework? ''
My equivalent to that statement to happen to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or help them understand human intelligence, is the following: The intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid constraints in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at an inflection point in human history, something between the conclusion of stars and lose the planet we call``home . ''
Although, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fits in the context of the universe.
NASA's Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting around other stars, which is pointing the Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity of stars when the planets go through them, and they block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets besides the distance between them and their mother star.
And together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and pink like the Earth's Earth system, and also the amount of light that they get from their suns.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this potential of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is growing under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the hottest recorded . .
Globalizations and sea ice that have been with us since millennia are now disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a scientist of the climate, no astronomer.
But I study the planet of the planet influenced by stars, with hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in search for life in the universe, I can tell you that the more I look for planets like Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invite a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and pink, and despite being a bit further from the sun, you can consider a potentially livable world shown this by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study Mars.
Our robots like``Curiosity"tracking their surface in looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit, like the MRI mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose its ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights, but also the temptation of living on Mars.
But even though all these Martian images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that are still colonized, really excited, compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and more elevated places on Earth, the air is fresh and full of oxygen exhibited by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets are going to be a big and sad shadow: the implications and belief of some of us that Mars will wait for us to save ourselves from this unfortunately influenced self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive self-destructive authorities.
For much I like the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep disagree with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the captain of the Titanic is going to tell us that the party really will get place later in the wild boats . Thank you.
But the goals for planetary exploration and the Earth's preservation don't control.
No, they're actually faces of the same currency: the goal of understanding, preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world are looking like aliens.
Just get closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and inhospitable areas, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the Enrico Fermi physicist asked, when our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life existence to now.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fermi paradox is that when civilizations become technologically advanced enough to consider living between stars, they lose the notion of how important the planets are to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only planetary colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to support the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the task even easier to preserve the skill on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And as I was in the front porch, looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that they were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all well closed.
I thought I'd call a bug, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a brain could take a long time to get, and cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe morning, and I was thinking about my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure that it's not more expensive than a half a night closed, so I thought, despite the circumstances, I was well standing right.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Correlative release that increases heart rate, modulate the levels of adrenaline and nanoparticle.
And when I got to the facto counter in the airport, I realized that I had no passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started asking, if there was something that could do, systems that could put in place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if bad things happen, they minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kahn won the Nobel Prize, and a bit embarrassed I talked about I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prospective retrospective.
It's something he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written about this a few years earlier, also known as the printer.
You all know what the puzzle is.
Whenever there's a disaster, a team of experts come and try to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the press, as Danny is explaining, you're looking forward and trying to figure out all the things that you might go wrong, then you try to figure out what it can do to avoid things happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a prize.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, it will trigger a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common, and it is, but there's a lot of science supporting this thesis, based on how our spatial memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the location of important things, where the fish is, where the fish are, that the fruit trees, where the tribes are living, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grown in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the sniffing sense of the squirrel, and yet they could find their nuts.
They weren't using smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism from the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason to lose car keys, reading glasses and passports.
So at home, they get a place for keys, a hook along the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a paralyzed drawer.
For their reading glasses, a particular table.
If you get a place and you're sculptural with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit cards, license of driving, passport, send them by email to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal them, this can facilitate the substitute.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic, and the thinking is.
So part of the previous practice is to recognize that under stress we won't be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we're all going to be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'm going to talk about a very particular medical affect.
But this is burned as a production for all making medical decisions, and in fact, for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take that you would benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack, stroke.
So you're thinking that having high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help reduce the cholesterol, a station . ''
And maybe you've heard about the stations, and it knows that it's one of the most recycled drugs in the world today . it's even likely you know people who take them.
So you think,``Yes, reward the station! ''
But there's a question that should be done then, a statistics that should be asked for most physicians don't want to talk about, and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number is to treat.
And what is this, the Newton?
It's the number of people who have to take a medication or get a surgery in any medical procedure before you help a person.
And you should think about what kind of decentralized statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't get me something if I wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a fault of the doctor, and if it's guilty of someone, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Geronica estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of people.
And so the number is to treat the most widely prescribed season, which one do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before you help a person?
300.
This according to the research of the Committee Greenland Companion and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I was exploring numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now you may think,``Well, one chance in 300 to lower my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for a more statistics, and it is,``Tell me the side effects ."Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain and article, GI pain, but now they think,``Five percent isn't very likely to happen to me, still taking the medicine . ''
But a moment.
Remember, under stress, they don't think about clarity.
So think about how this will take over time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 people have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that you will help you.
I don't say they should or not to take the station.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
The medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually, this need to be quite typical.
For surgery that's done in the older men in the age of 50, the number of cancer prostate, the number is 49.
That is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the impact or the erectile dysfunction, the urban income, the straight ant, fecal discomfort.
And if you're lucky, and it's one of 50 percent of the effects will only be a year or two.
So the idea of the printing press is to think before the questions that you can put the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this stuff in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a shorter life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think about now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change it in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases cortisol under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you turn a lots of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the free or the immune system, because if the body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with fast, it could be the lunch of lions, so nothing of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that go through the window during those moments of stress is rational logic thinking, like Danny Kahn and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we're all flawed.
We're all going to fail occasionally.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those faults, to put the systems in the place that will help minimize the damage, or to avoid that bad things happen in the first place.
Recording at the snow of snow in Montreal, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed a combination of combination along the door, with a keys of the entry gate in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit I still have lots of letters I haven't ordered, and lots of emails I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano,````"is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``one"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two, even more smooth.
Four .' extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree tree, and you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of you can, you can never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, the ALS, as well as my own story.
The language of French signs came over during the 1800s, and over time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know as Ashley today.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf . And I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I realize it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I live in a foreign country, following blindly their rules, uses, behaviors and norms without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
I learned and copied that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't shake the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise in eating the bag of potato chips! ''
\" Don't work, and when you're eating, thank you not to throw the covers on the dish . ''
I call this sound tag.
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sound.
And I'm always waiting for the sound, which is about coming next.
Hence, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TED, to continue.
TB, to announce.
You can see the test has no notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle walls and blobs.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``paradigm"at the ASA.
A typical slate has five lines.
However, to me, to do my thumb, that doesn't feel natural.
That's why in my drawings, I only have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that struck me.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to spread more of art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it's not just experienced through the ears.
I can feel a tactile, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property property and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and destroy it.
I started to create a new body of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
In the background of my mind, I always felt that sound was alien, it was something of a listener.
And the sound is so powerful that I could be given to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose that I would empower.
There's a massive culture around language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is as if I had no voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
That way I'm able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with many different interpretations from Ashley.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity . .
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, in order to borrow their voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like to take a loan with a very high rate of interest.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could get away from the forget and not have any social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ALS.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and expressing fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you from a concept at Ashley.
The two are very spatial and highly modular, which means that subtle changes can affect the whole meaning of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share a picture of the piano, so that they understand better how the ALS works.
So imagine a piano.
ALS is divided in many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, body movement, speed, shape, and so, as the piano is played, English is a linear language, as if it's just a key at a time.
However, the Ashley is more like a chord, you need 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea at ALS.
If only one key to change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In Ashley, by using these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the sign of that.
This is the sign of that . .
I'm watching you.
Looking at me . .
Oh, I was fascinated.
Uh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, yeah!
So I started thinking, and if I look at the ASS through the lenses of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the``day"sign, the sun comes out and put.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce speed, it visually looks like a piece of music.
All the day.
I feel the same thing can say,``All night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about three different types of nights:``night ,"`` night ,"`` every night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in Ashley and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example , 1 . It's a hand, two feet . It's two hands, the present is closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back of the body.
So the first example is``ago a long time ago . ''
Then,``Usabear ."and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea,``There was once . ''
\" common time"is a musical term with a specific fourth rate of four times by shopping.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically in``the same time . ''
See, MI: Right hand, E: left hand.
We have the panel through the head and the chest.

Can you do it with me?
Everyone with high hands.
Now we're going to do so much in your head like chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very well.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as a note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs of signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the Ashley.
Now, the third . Please get me back.
And again.
It's``lighting"at the ASHA.
Let's do the three together.
\" Love ,"`` colonization"and illumination.
Good job everybody.
Notice how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meanings.
It's amazing to see how the ALS is alive and prosperous, like music.
But today, we live in a very high world.
And only because the ALS has no sounds, automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start to figure out what the social value defines and allow the ALS to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people will understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn Ashley, and you have to hear for music.
Ashley is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Karmuda: Hey, that's me . .
As a child, my parents said,``You can put it all, but then you have to clean it . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or an ignorance bubble, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
By making me older, I learned that adults also teach and that they're not very good to clean the others from others.
The time happened, now I'm an adult and a citizen teaching and invention at Hong Kong's School.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students when I walk through the beach with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I don't give it.
It's sad to say, but today over 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of creepy.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, and collecting those plastic pieces to study under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it takes an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15, dream of inventing a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this kind of work of work with advanced height so that the very low children can participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I put it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them into something that we expect it to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces, we'll just collect information.
By using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- children are excited about robots.
We then create what we call``a prototype . ''
We're so fast in creation of prototypes that we end before lunch.
And we transform limits and web cameras in accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through the sensor while the board computer processing this image and measuring the size of every particle, to get a stable estimate of the amount of plastic in water.
We documented this invention step on a website for inventors called``Institute ,"with hope that someone else even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and they're trying to fix it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they look at the Internet, and they get into this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years old, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands in Sudan, the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink, it's the water in which they're bathed, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown, mud and oil also are brown color, and when everything is mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spread, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can fly through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We outfitted this prototype with a sensor and we send it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children remotely.
[ I can investigate a problem at the distance] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe addressing a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French, and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they took several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami developed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the Fulform nuclear power plant, a nuclear culture near the water.
And today, according to the reports a 300 tons average are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Pacific Ocean has pollution traces by National.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it looks safe, it's blue . .
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in an independent way with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we want to bring children to.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents weren't allowed.
But every night we report the control center -- here's the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with the radioactive all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talk about what we're going to do later, strategies, imitation and so on.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary machine map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent data in real time of radioactivity, and we rock water to simulate rain.
So we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain to the river system and depressed in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We came up to 1.5 miles of nuclear Central, and with the help of the fish of the area, we were collecting sediments from sea milk with a strange of sediment as we invent and build.
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple source technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became so small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the center of Hong Kong, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little biology, of optical, basically, can be built almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children' dreams can become reality with adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Israeli Harvard: we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or, can we help in the mobility of the advanced age population transforming their standard wheelchair in new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radioactivity are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are lies.
We can't afford to protect the kids in the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, gentlemen, we should prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single thread silk.
One of them is synthetic, the other organic . .
One is about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for her.
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that fights for being free.
The film was a unique tool of Michelangelo.
But living beings are not movies.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all of the information that's required for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by making manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, looking at the imagination of designers and trained architects to think about their objects as disaster parts with different functions.
But you don't find homogenic material assembly in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with Dylan pores.
The backs of the back are more thick with little pores.
You act primarily as a filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: there's no parts, there are no assembly.
It's a system that would gradually vary its functionality by variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my vision of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect in working today between the film and the gene, between the machine and the organism, between assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, coming out of the assembly and increasing growth.
You probably wonder: why now?
Why wasn't this possible, or even five years ago?
We live at a very special moment in history, a weird moment, where they build four disciplines that offer designers access to tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with a room of 24 feet diameter with a vehicle basis that someday not very far to print entire buildings, and graphs to nanoscale made of genetically modified microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we've reinvented the cellulose, an archetype of the ancient Arab architecture, and it has created a screen where every open is a single size to model the shape of light and heat through it . .
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade of Paris with Iran van Herbaid . It's like a second skin of one piece, right in the contours, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborators, we print this layer and 3D missing without the cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CII scanner.
The designers have access to this high-resolution analog and the synthetic instruments, it allows us to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same structural, comfortable chair and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a senderbrated.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness and opportunity and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by addiction of another material or another assembly, but vary continuously and deliberately material property.
But is it ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raised me in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left, and I came to define a lot of what matters to me.
As she says,``In the third day of creation, God sent the Earth to grow a fruit tree loaded . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
All the tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow with branches, cortex, whales and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often ask,``What would design would be if the objects were made from one piece?
Let's go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we look for the biblical material, the kind of material of fruit tree with fruit, and we find it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called the death, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we can synchronize their properties, we could generate multicultural structures on one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal shellfish . We asked a lot of husks of shrimp, we move them up and we produced the waste paste.
Looking at chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple extracellish excellence nozzles.
The robot could vary the property properties on the march and create these structures made from one material 3.5 feet long , 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, you let them dry to find a natural form of contact with air.
So why do we keep designing plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on the planet 3.5 billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we increase the bacteria designed genetically to capture rapidly carbon from the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without beams of beams to mesh, and if you get older, to windows.
A fruit translate tree.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of cardiologists in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed marine life; and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration by using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for planetary travel.
To do that, we should dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own elements of elements: new forms of life created computing, made in addition and augmented in biological form.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid alchemy, just instead of transmitting precious metals, new biological functionality in very small channels.
This field is called microbial.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms combined.
The first is cybercriminal.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater of freshwater.
And the second, E. coli, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
One makes light in sugar, the other consumes sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not natural selection, but evolution by design.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, that will help that flow these bacteria and to alter their way.
So we started growing those channels into the human body, looking at material properties according to desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This debate digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, it would be 60 meters.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as TED Prize, our first portable photography, bright channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shell said,``We are called fashion creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair damaged tissue and support our bodies?
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
It also knows that nature doesn't do that.
It grows . Adam with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home inside which he's memorable.
The non-lethal manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first gets up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to filter a copy of compression.
The tension and the compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand how this complex process works, we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the military.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud cloud in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm of silk.
However, when you put silk worm into a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that I would shoot a flat captain and still measure it.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that shape, composition, capture structure, is transmitted directly by the environment.
There are often the silk worms of silk to death inside their chapters, their silk gets rid of, and it's used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
It would be self-inducing, and we could create these things.
So we scale this process to architectural scale.
We had a happy robot making silk plants, we put on our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated towards darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or open, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to receive the courts.
We asked 5,000 silk worms to a silk farm.
And after you feed them four weeks, they were prepared to thread with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they were killed, they were crazy, they get eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much shorter.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, it was right.
To the hip biological silk on the hypertension silk, they give all this pavilion its integrity.
And in a little over two or three weeks , 5,000 silk worms are 5,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The cops, after the sea, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk silk by a robotic arm, the other full vacuum . .
If the last design frontier is to give life to the products and the buildings that surround us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must join these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
Here it is to a new age of design, a new age of creation, that brings us from inspired design in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you've ever asked them,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when you first asked this?
You can shoot it with your fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
They've caused them some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too many.
At school, I liked English, the killing and the art and developed websites, and I played the guitar in a punch band called Telescope frustrated.
You may have heard about us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, to have dedicated a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time this sense of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I plunged into it, and I let me absorb, and I feel like``Yes! I've found the mine, and then again this point where I start bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to turn this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, to deny all my other passions, and refuse to get bored.
Another reason I got so much anxiety was a little bit more personal.
I worried that there was something wrong on this, and something wrong with me for not defined by anything.
I was concerned to be afraid of commitment, or to be fired, or to advocate or my own success.
If you can relate to my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have planned to you then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned, they learned from culture.
We ask first,``What do you want to be more? ''
We have about five years.
And the truth is that nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
You consider an naive question to provide cute answers in children like,``being astronaut"or``being dancer"or``I want to be pirate . ''
So, they're going to take the spell of Hollywood here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow out of various ways, and I do, to high school students, you ask them that they're going to choose in college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be older? ''
It's about being the cute exercise of before to what drives the dream.
Why?
While this question is inspired by children to dream what they might be, it doesn't inspire dreaming with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't answer with 20 different things, even though you're very intricate adults, maybe they're laughing and saying,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artist of violinist and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Chiles, and he's a prostate of rape and psychotherapy.
And this Amy Ng, a magazine editor turned into illustration, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real calling, the idea that each one of us has something to do on their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who is not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel it doesn't have a target.
And I'll feel there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplicity . .
A crowd is someone with a lot of interests and creative activities.
It's a paradigm for that.
It could help if it divided in three parts: multiple, potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that match the same idea, as a scholar, a Renaissance . .
During the Renaissance time, the ideal was who I was right in multiple disciplines.
Barbara She refers to us as``scanners . ''
Use any term that you like or invent yourself.
It seems to me as a kind of adaptive to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the crowd as limitation or affluence that you should see.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths in being like this.
Here are three multicultural superpowers.
One: the synthesis of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
She and Rachel Bible expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, when I founded Milk.
Miss is a company that creates inspired jewelry jewelry.
A and Rachel came up with this single idea by its eclectic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
There's the new ideas of that.
And the crowd, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersection.
The second molecular superpower is fast learning.
When the crowds are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're used to being beginners, because we have been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transfers to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to every new area that we have, so we rarely start from scratch.
It's a full-time journey and independent writing.
As a pianist child, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before becoming a writer, it was a financial planner.
He had to learn the mechanics of older sales when he started their practices, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors.
It rarely is a loss of time to devote to what you do, even if at the end of it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third molecular superpower is adaptability . I mean, the ability to transform anywhere you need in a given situation.
Abed Capricola is sometimes director of video, others, web designer designer, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teacher, and sometimes, apparently, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can assume different roles, depending on the needs of its customers.
The Facebook magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can pivot to satisfy the needs of the market, which will really thrive.
Standards of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where the multiply are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're pushed to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in testing the crowds to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiplied right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing that they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeon.
Don't worry, there's nothing bad about you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are committed from a specialist and a crowd.
The specialist can dive deep and put it in practice, and the crowd provides an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that manifest the way we are connected.
And unfortunately, in the crowd of the crowd, it's encouraged to simply be more like their specialized partners.
Once said this, if there's one thing that you get out of this talk, I hope it's this: recognized with the inner cable, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then, for all media.
That's where you give the best thing.
But for the multiplicities in the room, including those who have just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes, I'm telling you, recognized with your many passions.
Keep your curiosity for those convenients of rabbit.
They explore intersections.
Applied our inner cable leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multicultural, the world needs us!
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman named August took her to a psychological in Freemerch.
Now, he was dead, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexis.
And I didn't know how to help Austin, but I was flying for it until, unfortunately, it passed in 1967.
After his death, Alan did a autopsy and found strange plates and sheep in the Architece brain, of a guy who never seen before.
The most amazing thing.
If America had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than the one that Thomas gave her 114 years ago.
Alley was Dr. Louis Alzheimer.
And Audience Deterest, the first patient to receive a diagnosis we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991, medicine has advanced a much.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infection, a lot of treatments for cancer, antibiotics for HIV, stations for caregivers and much more.
But it has been produced in the treatment of Alzheimer's.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you expect to live until the age of 85 or more, the chance of Alzheimer's going to be almost one of two.
In other words, there is the likelihood that they spend their years in Alzheimer's sleeping, or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its costs prevent a five times increase in 2050, as you age the generation of the boom baby.
You may be surprised, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively done to fight it.
Today, one of the first 10 death causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't prevent or cure or even slow down their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research of the same.
The U.S. government spend 10 times more every year in cancer research than Alzheimer's research, despite the fact that it costs us more the Alzheimer and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should be, Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 140 years, everyone, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will become sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only to look at a picture of a very healthy brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to unraveling a severe loss of memory and mental skills, damage to brain caused by Alzheimer's lifespan significantly, and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found plates and strange sheep in the Australia brain a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they are made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule as a piece of paper that folds as an origami.
There are places on the paper that are sticky.
And when you fold it right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick together, forming groups that can form big plates and sheep.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are many steps, and the identification of what happens to block is complex, like describing a bomb.
cutting a wire could do anything.
Correlation can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, the cables have reduced and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process . Now you're testing a new kind of drugs that blocked this step to stop the disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that are pasted with each other, as in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms in an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 140 years of waiting, there's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We need to agree that Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can beat it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and family have gotten more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to move to HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't speak for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, the careers of their loved ones and night, are often too upset to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everyone with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, that cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help speak for them, and they help to demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article at the New York Times column in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and my own experience by testing myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strangers are released to get 36 more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without speaking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And?
As they move forward, these are increasingly personal.
Number 30: I really like -- Tell your partner what it's like to him or her; I know very close this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really struck me, the joke that two of the participants had spent six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but, of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the time to test this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send him to the Mountain Love, a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's also August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Are you still together?
And the reason I think are questioning this is because I've been asked this question over and over in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been forced to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would get probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good amount of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was, I had no idea.
The paper published online a Friday night, and already Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday, I've already called me the Theme Show and the World Wide American.
In one month, the article received more than eight million views, and I was, for saying something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with synchronization about their own loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, they asked the same question: Are they still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick quest in the mailbox of my email with the phrase,``Are you still together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
They interviewed me in radio and asked him.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed to the stage,``Hey Mandela, where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately got red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international journal, you should expect people to feel comfortable to ask about it.
But I was not prepared for the bladder of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have devised life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers when I tested the study with different degrees of success.
So my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together.
He picked up television interviews, and it reduces the photos of our two.
I think I was afraid to become the internally intervention icon of the training process, a range for the one I didn't feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know just if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: it was, if it was able to produce enduring love, not just an adventure, but love love, enduring love.
But this was a question that didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially, people would pose the wrong question.
How do you know if we follow together or not, and also tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of asking these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in 1997, and there, the goal of the research was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called``sustained personal openness, progressive and reciprocal . ''
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants were more close after doing that, and several studies later, they used the Professor Radulation protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of police and community, and they've used it among people of opposing political ideologies.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little college of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed puzzling for it.
And I: Do you mean that you love the person who did it?
Well he made a pause.
I think she just wants to be friends.
And I said,``But did you become better friends? ''
Did you feel that they got better to get the study better?
The assistant.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he looked for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I got on the study for the first time when I was 29 and I was having a really difficult separation.
I had that relationship since I had 20, which was basically my entire adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
And so I got stuck in science.
I research everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow make the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just researched for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was driving with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel so bad and I just felt like I was then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than reasonably what you can tell me.
What I find from love is a guarantee, not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that asks: Are you still together?
And his content with a yes or not . .
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who is not?
How do you stay love when things get complicated, and how do you know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with your partner's doubt?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the short version of my relationship, it's this one -- a year ago, a known one and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we love, we still follow together, and I'm very happy.
But love is not the same thing to stay love.
To love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote: Love didn't happen.
We stay love because we take the choice to be.
And I got a little bit of record when I read it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that's supposed that choice.
I don't think of how many times we're going to make that decision, and how many times I'll have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth I don't really believe.
And what I look for, and what I'm going to spend my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the happy impact on the title of my article, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article that I actually didn't write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a little lesbian in the mountain, and in a way, I came up with a big grandchildren.
New York City a while ago, something that really affected me but more details ahead.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat the spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's funny because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a given moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go out and make surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a collage for my mother.
And I took a dictionary, and I took all the pages, and I did a kind of curious ceremony to the Agent Martin style, the resin covers and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking that I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite: somehow it seemed like it increased size, as if it was you'd look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So I did? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, all I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow down, draw like it's done around a tent on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and I created my own name of individuals invented.
First, botanical -- you can make an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw on the resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Silicon.
It was great, man.
At some point I was interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work culture with something very big, I call``tribal .".
For the tropics, I was inspired in a big measure in Himalaya Bosch's``The Garden of Deliberation"by the thing that is a painting at the Museum of Project in Spain.
Do you know?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a bit ahead of your time.
Well,``triptych ."I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these creatures with heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analog of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the creatures with the heads of animals are headed to the headlights, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird that is attached to a heart . .
Billy Graham is in the sea; the Horizon -- the Optome platform of the World spill, the North bin Laden shelter, there's all kinds of weird things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of woman.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he spit oil in one hand while the other hand comes up with clouds.
Your hands are like balance and seems to be mythological that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's an aspect of the tropics.
It's a little bit a narrative.
That's the hand in which I spit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a track, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds of this break.
It also has a 50-per tail of a snake that joins the tropics.
Anyway, his tail raises fire in a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden balloon of cycle made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very ahead to their time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called psychologists.
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material are encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each act acts as a kind of file in ways of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they collect, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope shift that weighs 1.3 pounds with a human trapped in its interior.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head; there's the chest, you can interview the entrance.
So I'll take you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or a non-lethal person, or whatever you have, a kind of American thing.
It's a quick refresher of these work because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers, you can see it.
This is a part for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There's a few pills coming out and coming into the head of this strange statue.
There's a little forest scene inside the circular cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Project Women.
Inside this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spreads all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
Let's move the box and all the people inside the inside of each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you remember who it is and the box you're living in.
And together we can realize that we're all together on this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start trading those things with sweetness and genetically we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when your head hurts?
They take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first for the stomach, the intestines and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and individual system so that any drug medicine is in the body.
The downside, though, is that when you bring any drug, any medication is dilute.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they're also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in time that they're going to get to the blood stream, they're dilute, and worse even for the time they're going to get to their destination, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is innovative, and it's not easily in the bloodstream of patients who are holding to the regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the treatment of treatment, the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that is a lifelong treatment of additional life.
One day, I sat down and I thought,``Could we make treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of driving drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: the lasers, of course.
If you use in dentistry, for the care of wounds and surgery of diabetes, you can use for anything imaginable, including the transportation of the drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and close almost immediately the infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best they ask,``How is that possible? ''
We send a little and powerful laser beam on cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs drugs in a matter of microseconds.
Before you even realize, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're currently testing this online technology or Pentagon plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we will make an incision on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, leads to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the site of infection, whereas the laser is used again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to total HIV eradication of body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all research of HIV -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying armed armed groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to better understand these generators of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be an argument between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 216 peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1962 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict resolution.
But how do you do it?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
Armed struggle and policies are connected.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Hebrew released, known by his violent feeding against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebrew has also established a political party, a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, Palestinians Habble, known by his suicide attacks against Israel, also runs the Gaza from 2007 since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex computer of communication: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, printed in English and published to recruit.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without looting, but by profitable businesses, for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something more: they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put on professional training programs or microbial training programs.
Helvetica offers all these services and more.
armed groups are also trying to conquer the population, offering something that doesn't provide: security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan ravaged by war or even the beginning of the ISIS lift, can also understand the efforts of these groups to provide security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap leaves by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 from Palestinian Hamas can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill down the gaps by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and give governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated are these organizations, less we can catalog them as something else to a state.
How do you call a group like Hebrew?
dominated a piece of a territory, they manage all their functions, pick the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS???
The lines are distributed.
We live in a world of states, of nations with no state and hybrids, and the more weak the states are, as in the Middle East today, more invest and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to contrast these groups, they will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand armed groups, we will understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but we won't give peace or stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum, to fill that government gap that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very often, but I'm afraid to openly accept the``feminist"tag would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore I get stuck as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Maltese feminist.
So, what started as a personal joke destined myself and a deliberate production, has become bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminist, these hairy women, angry with men and hated sex, as if that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I was going to be a feminist.
Being tagged as a feminist was an accusation, a taboo and unpleasant word.
They label me as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, that I ask too much, high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until it realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are unexpected: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same sun by the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of bullying or violence.
We have the right to use an easy and accessible way of contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative controls or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to be aware of our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, expression of gender, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to be aware of these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive the work, I hear rap music beating all volume.
Even though the letter degraded to women, and I was deeply offered, the classic``Salt Shah"from the yin Yanke Twin is incredible.
\" Make reality with your wet t-shirt.
Pay, give, move until you shake the shell! ''
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely mortified by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe at the work of man, which is all that I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, garbage care, lawns care and machine maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Backboard"and the romantic comedy, and I have absurd fantasies of the fairy stories that make you real.
Some of my crimes are cheaper.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's stack, it's his choice, and I'm not who to judge.
If a woman decides to stay home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this choice, the problem is that our society is confined so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solve this problem.
rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or destroyed historically the needs of women's women, workers, homosexuality and transgendered, white, middle-class women, middle class and high class.
Listen, if that's good feminist, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens the following: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency of putting feminist in a pedestal.
We hope that they unleash perfection.
When we get disappointed, we remove them with a lot of taste from the same lens where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster; I already consider me from that pedal before you try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovators and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"for fear of what that sticker means, for fear of not being able to be able to be able to be able to be able to do it.
Let's take Beijing, or like I call it, the goddess . .
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Vietnamese Museum Airers of 2014, at MTV, act in front of the word``feminist"of three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, looking at this pop star embracing the feminism and making women know young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
The time, the cultural critics began endless debate if Beverly was or not necessarily feminist.
They rating their feminism, instead of just believing the word of adult and mature woman.
We demand the perfection of feminist, because we're still fighting for a long, we want a much, we need so considerably . .
We go far beyond the sensible and constructive criticism, to design the feminist of any woman, destroy it until there is nothing.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of departure.
But what happens after?
We went to recognize our imperfections to realize, to go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we manage change affecting their profits.
It's certainly difficult.
Why is it its music to be so blind?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justice, this makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
It's two wonderful girls, decided and brilliant, and also very brave . I want you to grow in a world.
The strong creatures are being appreciated.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is being used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is to treat sexual violence against women as sports, and the Game of Thrones.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema in another part when movies don't treat women more than the decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as blocks of boxing.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include a number of women, both to participate to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are underpresented but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny ourselves to be included that more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the decision.
Because we're not missing . Without these efforts, without adopting these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can make these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to come to the top, to people in direct directors and music producers and music, CEOs, legislators, people who can make great decisions, more brave, to create lasting and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminism, good, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``I would prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because my voice was stolen, and the feminism helped me get it back.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to cope with what happened.
Now, a few guys were folded when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I went back to writing.
It's going to be a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism, I also discovered that if I was a little brave, another woman could go and see me and realize that none of us is the thing that the world is trying to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I am a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave, when you need such a courage.
Right after Christmas last year , 133 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Sweden.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something even worse: autism.
But a moment, it wasn't the article that sparked the police on autism and the descenting, disappointed and marked, marked by being a failed fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Don't you believe most intelligent scientists that the theory that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity??
I think most of you know it, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children of autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician who had heard about it, they believed to develop all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like Automobile Sparkets are routinely referred to autism as an epidemic, as if I could tell you from another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Middle Disease Control Center, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like``discovered diagnostic criteria"and``a better challenge of cases"to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two year-old son, visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s??
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less than to do with slow and cautious progress of science that with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second most accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanzi, from the Hospital Johns Hopkins, in 1946, Kanzi published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, to give people around, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their hands before their faces, but they were a prisoner of the panic, like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanzi speculated that autism is very rare.
By the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 real cases of their syndrome while collecting references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kanzi criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
Once he got tired that he had turned nine out of every 10 children who were sent by other doctors in his office for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanzi was an intelligent man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
He classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and disappearing parents.
These kids, he said, have been carefully maintained in a refrigerator that doesn't download.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that clustered in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before I were two.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he properly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard of their parents who had heard, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became a source of embarrassment for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers started testing the theory of Kanzi that autism was rare.
Lord Wright, the cognitive psychologist of London, thought that Kanzi's net mother theory was quite stupid.
She and his husband John was warm and affectionate people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Sweden.
parrot and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl as without support services, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, parrot and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that should have been done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population.
They painted a suburb from London called Complete to try to find the autistic children in the community.
What they saw clear that Kanzi's model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, whereas others were cooling in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or in the genetics of the reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in nice and disabled frames, as Justine said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than Kanzi's monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did nobody have perceived these kids before?
But then the moon found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the year next year to the Kanzi article, and then forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanzi knew about this article of competition, but I avoided secretly to mention it in her own work.
There wasn't even a translation to the English, but luckily, the husband of America was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document provides an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs a clinic integrated with a school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for the teaching of children with learning differences were progressive even for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with kinds of exercise with music, and the kids followed the Sunday afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of autism, Asperger described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces that are adapted during the course of life.
Instead of treating children in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and it was dedicated to help the development of education methods that were especially suitable for them.
Now, fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a diverse continuum that took a surprising variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, seeing aspects of this continuum in arguments known in the pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the distributed teacher.
He was more there to say, that for success in science and art, a piece of autism is essential.
Now, parrot and Judith discovered that Kanzi was wrong when autism was infrastructured, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of psychiatrists to expand the diagnosis of what they called``autistic spectrum".
At the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into a light, replace the limited model of Kanzi by one broad and inclusive Asperger.
These changes didn't fall in broken bag.
And coincidentally, when parrot and Judith worked between batteries to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I went out``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, we had a little circle, I knew what autism was, but after the unforgettable performance of Dusty Hoffman, and the recognition of``Rain Man"with four awards of Academy, pediatrician, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I had no connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for her child.
The combination of``Rain Man"changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics began to rise, just as they predicted North and Judith, actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that are deserved.
So Andrew Wagnest came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnostics, a simple, powerful, credible history seductive history as bad as Kanzi's theory that autism was frequent.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one out of every 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the authorities are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving the new medical advances, the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way of understanding neuroscience is to think of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from an attention deficit to details.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which creates the cure for the most disabling aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employees with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zollywood Zipcars once said,``We need all the hands in cover to explore the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste or a brain.
Thank you.
