You know , what I do is write for the kids , and in fact , I 'm probably the author for children , more read in the U.S .
And I always tell people I do n't want to seem like a scientist .
I can wear this as a farmer , or with leather clothing , and nobody has ever chosen a farmer .
I 'm here today to talk to you about circles and epiphanies .
And you know , a epiphany , usually , is something that got you somewhere .
You just have to turn around the apple to see it as a epiphany .
That 's the painting of a circle .
A friend of mine did that -- Richard <unk> .
It 's the complicated kind of circle that I 'm going to talk to you about .
My circle started in the 1960s , in <unk> , Ohio where I was the rare class of class .
When he was beaten up to bleed every week in the bathroom bathroom , until a teacher saved my life .
She saved my life when I get into the teachers ' room .
I did it in secret .
Three years .
I had to go from the city .
I had a thumb , and 85 dollars , and ended up in San Francisco , California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s , I felt the need to start working in organizations fighting against AIDS .
About three or four years ago , half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher , the <unk> lady who said , `` I need to see you .
I 'm disillusioned as adults never get to know us .
You could define Ohio , and please bring to that man who I know you 've already found .
And I have to tell you , I 've got pancreatic cancer , and I 'd like you to get stuck with this please . ''
Well , the next day we were in Cleveland .
We went to see , we laugh , we cried , and we realized that she needed to be <unk> .
We found him a place , the <unk> , and the <unk> and we commissioned them from their family , because it was necessary .
It 's something we knew how to do .
And as the woman who wanted to know him as an adult came to know me , it became a <unk> box , and it was placed in my hands .
And what happened was that the circle had closed , it had become a circle -- and that epiphany that I told you about made itself .
<unk> is that death is part of life .
She saved my life , my partner and I save her .
And you know that part of life needs everything that the rest of life .
It needs truth and beauty , and I 'm very happy today I talked about this today .
It also needs -- needs dignity , love and pleasure , and it 's our work to provide those things .
Thank you .
As an artist , the connection is very important for me .
Through my work , I 'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected .
I first went to Antarctica about 10 years ago , and I saw my first <unk> .
I was amazed .
My heart can quickly , I was thrilled , trying to understand what was in front of me .
The <unk> around me <unk> the water almost 60 meters , and I could n't think it was about a snowflake about another snowflake after year .
<unk> are born when we fall from glaciers or apart from ice barriers .
Each iceberg has its own individual personality .
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences .
Some of you refuse to give up and hold up to the end , whereas others ca n't stand it anymore , and they would be focused on a dramatic passion .
It 's easy to think , looking at an iceberg , which are separate apart and alone , as much as we see ourselves as humans .
But the reality is the opposite .
As an iceberg melts , I 'm breathing their ancestral atmosphere .
As an iceberg , it releases freshwater rich in minerals that feeds many forms of life .
I 'm close to photograph these <unk> as if it were the portraits of my ancestors , knowing that in these unique moments , there are only in that way , and they wo n't exist in that way again .
It 's not death when they melt ; it 's not an end , but a continuation of their way through the life cycle .
Part of the ice of the <unk> I 'm photographing is very young -- it 's a couple thousand years old .
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years .
The latest photos I 'd like to show you are an iceberg that I photographed in <unk> , Greenland .
It 's unlikely to actually get a rolling iceberg .
Here they have .
You can see the left a little boat .
It 's about five meters .
And I 'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your <unk> line .
You can see here , it starts to roll , the ship has moved to the other side , and the man is standing there .
This is an iceberg in Greenland , of average size .
It 's about 120 feet or 40 meters .
This video is in real time .
And so , you know , the iceberg shows a different side of his personality .
Thank you .
I want you to imagine two partners in 1979 , the same day , exactly at the same time , every single baby 's one baby .
So two couples every one with a baby .
I do n't want you to stop too much in the details of conception , because if you stop thinking about conception , you 're not going to pay attention .
Let 's think about that for a moment .
And on this stage I want you to imagine that , in one case , the sperm Y joins the X chromosome of the egg .
And in the other case , the sperm chromosome comes together to the X chromosome of the egg .
Both of them , and the life starts .
We 'll go back to talk about them later .
In my activity , I 'll play two roles .
In one of my roles , I work with the history of anatomy .
I 'm a historian of training , and what I study in this case is the way people came up with anatomy -- which is , of human bodies and <unk> , how they 've regarded the body fluids , the idea of the body -- what have they thought about the body .
The other role of performance in my work is an activist , as a patient advocate , or , as I say sometimes , <unk> <unk> of people who are medical patients .
In this case , I 've been working with people whose physical features defy social norms .
I 've been working , for example , with <unk> twins , two people within one body .
I 've been working with people with <unk> ; people are much lower than the average .
And I 've worked with many cases of people with outlier , individuals , whose physical typology do not fit into male male schemes and conventional women .
In general lines , we can call it <unk> .
The <unk> embraces many forms .
I 'm going to give you some examples in ways of having a sex that you do n't think of in the male or male or female forms .
For example , there 's the case of the individual with an XY gene , which is called XY with the chromosome from the chromosome , and it tells the <unk> , that we all have in the <unk> life , which becomes testes .
And then , in <unk> life , testes make testosterone .
But because this individual lacks testosterone receptors , the body does not react to the same .
It 's <unk> <unk> syndrome .
So , there 's high testosterone levels , but no reaction .
As a consequence , the body develops following a traditionally female course .
When you 're born , the baby looks like a little girl .
He 's a girl . He 's raised as a child .
And often it 's not until puberty , when it 's growing up and developing the breasts , but it does n't have the menstrual cycle , when someone realizes something 's going on .
After doing tests , you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus , it actually has testicles and a chromosome .
The important thing to understand is that you can think it 's a man , but it 's actually not that .
Women , like men , we have in the body something called <unk> glands .
They 're in the back of the body .
<unk> glands produce <unk> , the hormone of <unk> .
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman ; it does n't know their <unk> structure ; I believe being a typical woman most of women like me are sensitive to the <unk> .
We 're producing <unk> , and we respond to the <unk> .
As a consequence , someone like me has the most exposed brain to the <unk> that the woman who was born with testes , which has <unk> <unk> syndrome .
That 's why sex is complicated . It 's not that <unk> are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere .
Another example : a few years ago , I got a call from a 19 year-old boy who was born and raised as a male , and he had sex with her , he was wearing a life as a boy , and he 'd just found out that he had ovaries and uterus .
He had an extreme way of a known disease as <unk> <unk> <unk> .
He had the 20th chromosomes , and the uterus <unk> <unk> were so active that , in essence , creating a male hormone environment .
As a consequence , its genitals were exposed to , their brain was exposed to the hormone component typically .
He was born with a little boy ; no one <unk> .
And it was at the age of 19 when he started to have medical problems caused by menstruation menstruation , when doctors discovered that , in fact , I was a woman inside .
Well , another quick example of a <unk> case .
Some people with the 20th times develop what 's known as <unk> , which is to say , have <unk> tissue wrapped in <unk> tissue .
We do n't know why that happens .
So , there are many varieties of sex .
The reason that children with this kind of bodies -- whether they 're freeze , <unk> twins , or <unk> , they go out of surgery , not to be able to have much better physical health .
In many cases , people are perfectly healthy .
The reason they go back to several surgeries is that they are a threat to our social categories .
The system is usually based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings to <unk> a particular identity .
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity ; supposedly , being black means to have African anatomy in historical terms .
A immensely simplistic idea .
And when you show us a body that shows something quite different , we have problems with <unk> .
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individualism .
Our nation is based on a very romantic individualism concept .
Imagine how surprising it is to have kids that are born as two people within one body .
The better recent case is in the past year with <unk> South African College <unk> ; it put in cloth of trial in the Berlin Games .
A lot of journalists called up to ask myself , `` What are you going to do to determine whether you 're a man or a woman ? ''
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such a test .
In fact , we now know that sex is so complicated that we need to admit that nature does n't trace an awful line between men and women or between men and <unk> and women , and we 're who we draw that line .
So what we have is a situation where the more we go to science , more we need to admit that these categories were that we thought were stable anatomic categories that were fished directly with stable <unk> categories -- are much more likely than we thought .
And not just in terms of sex .
Also in terms of race , something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows .
As we see , we get into rough terrain .
So , look , for example , the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees .
What <unk> the fact of the fact that they were in just a few nucleotides ?
And as we moved on science , we get more and more on an awkward zone in which we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that <unk> are probably too simplistic .
And we 're looking at this in all walks of human life .
One of them , for example , in our current culture , in the United States today , are the struggles at the beginning and in the end of life .
It 's hard to set up a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the <unk> .
There are very heated conversations today , not in public , but I know within the <unk> respect when somebody 's considered dead .
Our ancestors never had to lie with this question of whether somebody was dead .
As a lot of him put in a pen in front of his nose , and she was still not going to do it .
If I stopped moving it .
But today we can , for example , extract vital organs from one body and put them into another body .
And , as a result , we have to deal with the dilemma of the really death of someone , and this puts us into a difficult situation where we do n't have the simple categories of the past .
And you might think that this explosion of categories could be celebrating someone like me .
In politics I 'm progressive , I claim people with unusual bodies , but I have to admit that I 'm nervous .
<unk> that these categories are much more fragile than we thought to be tense .
<unk> from the point of view of democracy .
And to tell you about this tension , I first have to admit that I 'm a fervent one 's like a Founding Founding Founding parents .
I know they were racist , I know they were <unk> , but they were big .
I mean , they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did , that I find each other and seeing that music `` 1776 '' and not the music , which is totally <unk> .
That 's what happened in 1776 with the Founding Founding fathers .
Founding fathers to know them were , for me , the first activists of the anatomy and explain why .
What they had been rejected was a anatomic concept , and they played it with another that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years .
And , as everybody remembers , what had been rejected by our Founding Founding fathers , and monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy .
The monarchs of the old world did n't know the DNA , but they had clear the idea of birth .
They had the concept of blue blood .
They were from the idea that the political power came to political 's right from the grandfather 's right to the father and then the son , etc .
Founding fathers all got that idea and replaced it for a new anatomic concept , and that concept was that all the men are created equal .
They <unk> the game field , and they decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomic differences . That was a very radical thing .
And they were doing it because they were part of a <unk> system where two things were happening .
It was raising democracy , and at the same time , the science was born .
And it 's very clear to us , if you look at the story of fathers ' history , that many of them were very interested in science and the idea of a <unk> world .
They were stripped apart from supernatural explanations , and therefore he had been rejected by the concept of supernatural abuses that goes from a vague idea of the right of birth .
They were moving into a <unk> concept .
And if we look at , for example , the Declaration of Independence , talk about nature and the god of nature .
They do n't talk about God and the nature of God .
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are .
And then the idea was spreading the idea of coincidence .
And by doing so , they were laid the foundations of the Civil Rights movement .
They did n't think that way , but they did it for us and it was great .
And what happened years later ?
And women succeeded .
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from <unk> <unk> <unk> , which said , `` Am I not a woman ? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement saying , `` I 'm a man . ''
Again , people of color who are going to go through the coincidence of <unk> , and again , they succeeded .
We see the same with the Disabilities 's Movement .
The problem is , of course , as we look at coincidences , we have to start asking ourselves why we keep certain things .
But attention , I want to keep some anatomic divisions in our culture .
For example , I do n't want to give a fish the same rights than a human .
I do n't want to say that we had to go in front of anatomy .
I do n't mean that the five year-old kids were supposed to allow sex or marry .
There are some anatomic divisions that for me makes sense and that I think we should keep .
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are , why to keep them and make sense .
Well , let 's go back to those two things to tell the beginning of this talk .
We have two things , and we both collide in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day .
Imagine that one of them , Mary , was born three months before , June 1 , 1980 .
Henry , on the opposite , was born in the last March , the 1980 1 .
For the only fact that I 've been born three months before Mary are attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent , the right to vote , the right to <unk> .
Henry has to wait for all of that because it has a different biological age , but because it was born later .
We found other oddities in relation to their rights .
Henry , by virtue of being considered man , if I have n't told you whether it 's <unk> , by virtue of being considered a man now is <unk> from the compulsory <unk> that Mary does n't have to worry about .
Mary , for his part , does n't have the same rights to marriage than Henry in every state , for example .
Henry can marry all the states with a woman , but Mary can marry a woman just in some states .
So we still have anatomy categories that in various ways are trouble and questionable .
And now the question is : What do we do now that science walked so much in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could crumble ?
I do n't want to give up the science , but at the same time sometimes I feel like science escapes ourselves .
Where do we go ?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude : `` Well , we have to draw the line somewhere , so we 're going to do it . ''
But many people are stuck in a rare position .
For example : Texas at a certain point has decided to marry a man to get married with a man , and to marry a woman , you have to have chromosome .
Now , in practice , they do n't do tests for people .
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you about the <unk> <unk> syndrome .
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy , Dr. Martin Luther King , in his speech `` I Have a dream '' offers a solution .
It says that we should judge people , `` based not on the color of their skin , but the content of their character , '' going beyond anatomy .
And I mean , `` Yes , the idea looks very good . ''
But in practice , how do you do it ?
How do people judge people based on the content of their character ?
I want to point out also that I 'm not sure that we should be involved in this to make people rights for people , because I have to admit that I know from some <unk> <unk> that they probably deserve more social services than some humans I know .
I also want to say that maybe some of them may be able to make informed more informed , intelligent decisions about their sex relationships than people of 40 I know .
So how do we put on the subject of character content ?
It 's very difficult .
And a part of me wonder what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument , maybe with an MRI .
Do we really want to get to that point ?
I 'm not sure where we go .
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is going to keep driving this current thought of democracy in relation to democracy .
We 've done good work in defense of democracy , and I think we 're going to do good work in the future .
We do n't live , for example , in a context like the Iranian where a man who feels attracted to other men is sensitive to being killed , unless he 's willing to have sex change , in which case it 's allowed to be living .
We 're not in that situation .
I 'm glad to say that we do n't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that I had made <unk> twins , and then they separate them , and they 're growing their fame .
But when the phone was asked by the operation , he was a very <unk> operation , and he said that in that other country , these kids would be very abused , and therefore I had to do it .
I said , `` Well , has the political asylum in the time of surgical separation ? ''
America offers huge possibilities for people to be who they are without <unk> to change the sake of the state .
So I think we need to be on the head .
Well , to end , I mean I 've been talking a lot about fathers .
And I want to think about what democracy would be , or as it could have been , if we had given greater participation on the Mothers .
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist , and that is that I think there can be different ideas from different anatomic <unk> , particularly if there are people thinking in a group .
For years , since I 've been interested in <unk> , I 've also been interested in investigating the sexual difference .
And one of the things that has been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world .
And what we know about the <unk> studies is that women , on average , not all of them , but they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships , and to worry about those who are <unk> inside the group .
And if we think about that , we have an interesting situation in our hands .
And years ago , when I was in graduate school , one of my advisors I knew I was interested in the <unk> feminism was considered to me , as <unk> asked me a strange question .
`` Tell me what I have from feminine the feminism . ''
And I thought , `` That 's the dumbest question I 've ever heard .
Feminism has to do with unpicking the stereotypes about gender , so there 's nothing feminine in feminism . ''
But the more I 've thought about the question , the more that I 've got a little bit of a female in the feminism .
I mean , there could be something , on average , something different from the feminine brain and the male who makes us more susceptible to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable .
So , while fathers were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state , it 's possible that , in fact , to have made more Mothers to this concept , maybe we might have enriched the concept of protection with peer-to-peer support .
And maybe that 's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy : think less in the individual body , in terms of identity , and thinking more about relationships .
So while we 're trying to create a more perfect bond , let 's think about what we do for each other .
Thank you .
In 2007 , I decided that we had to reconsider how we think about economic development .
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks they want to go live and work , have the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents .
Well , right now , we are far from that goal .
There are billions of people in developing countries who do n't have a single city willing to <unk> them .
But the amazing thing about cities is that it 's worth a lot more than their cost of construction .
So easily we could put it to the world tens , perhaps hundreds , new cities .
Well , this may sound absurd if you 've never thought about new cities .
But they just went through by buildings .
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already owners , and that the other half is still missing to do that .
You could try to increase the capacity for the expansion by all existing buildings .
But you know that the problem that you 're suggesting is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid ailments and <unk> .
So it would be very difficult to make all of those key pages .
But you could go to a totally new place , build an entirely new apartment building , always , and when the rules of that place , it 's going to build the building in time to put ends .
So I set out that governments are going to be able to build new , new reform areas to contain large cities and gave them a name : cities under charter cities .
I later found out that more or less at the same time , <unk> and <unk> were thinking about Honduras 's challenge .
They knew that every year around 75,000 <unk> will come out of their country to go to the United States , and they wanted to ask , what could they do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras .
In the summer of 2009 , Honduras went through a constitutional crisis .
In the next regular elections , <unk> <unk> imposed on a platform in which promised reforms and the same reconciliation .
He asked him to <unk> her outside his boss .
Meanwhile , I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal .
Through a process of refinement , trial and error , and a lot of testing with users , I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under <unk> to their most essential ideas .
The first point was the importance of norms , as those rules that say that you ca n't go and upset all the current apartments of apartments .
It 's a lot of attention to new technologies , but it takes as much of technologies to make progress , and they usually are the rules that prevent us to go forward .
In the fall of 2010 , a friend of Guatemala was sent to <unk> a link to the TEDTalk .
He showed it to <unk> .
They called me .
They said , `` Let me get this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami , in a hotel conference room .
I tried to explain this point about how valuable the cities are , much more valuable than their monetary cost .
And I used this picture that shows the value of land in a place like New York . Notice that , in some cases , they 're worth thousands of dollars per square meter .
But it was a pretty abstract discussion , and at some point , when there was a pause , he said , `` Paul , maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a charter city is a place where it starts with <unk> land , a charter that specifies the rules that are attached there and an option for people to choose if they want to go or not live under those rules .
So the president of Honduras called me , and he told me that we had to do this project , this is important , this could be the way for our country to advance .
He asked me to be <unk> , and I would talk about four and five of January .
So I presented another talk full of data , which included an image like this , which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city , this has to be very big .
This is a picture in Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver .
Only this airport is over 100 square kilometers .
So I was trying to convince you that to build a new city , you have to start with a place to measure at least 1,000 square kilometers .
That 's over 100,000 acres .
All the world 's <unk> <unk> .
The faces of the audience were very serious and attentive .
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said , `` Professor <unk> , thank you very much for your talk , but maybe you could see the video of the TEDTalk .
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk .
And this explained the essentials ; a new city can offer new choices for people .
There would be a choice of a city to the one that could be in Honduras , rather than hundreds of miles away north .
And it would also include new options for leaders .
Because the government leaders of Honduras would need help from associated countries , could benefit from the countries associated with them to establish and deliver the norms of the charter , so that everybody could trust that the charter effectively will be detected .
We went and we saw a site .
This picture is there .
It could easily take a thousand square kilometers .
And shortly after the 19th of January , they voted in Congress to <unk> their Constitution and adding a constitutional arrangement that would allow these special regions of development .
In a country that had just been passed through this painful crisis , the voting in Congress in favor of this constitutional amendment was sent to one .
All parties , all the factions in the society , really got involved .
In <unk> in the Constitution , you have to pass twice in Congress .
February 17 , there was another time in another voting , from 114 to one .
Immediately after the voting , from 21 to February , a 30 <unk> delegation went to the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in cities .
One of them is South Korea .
This is a picture of a new center of the city that 's being built in South Korea ; it 's bigger than the center of Boston .
Everything you see there was built in four years after I spent four years getting permits .
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore .
In fact , they 've already built two cities in China , and they 're preparing for a third .
And if you think about this hands-on , this is the point where we are .
They have a place , and they 're already thinking about a site for the second city .
They are setting up a legal system that would allow managers to come , and at once it would allow to operate under an external legal system .
A country has already committed to allow its Supreme Court to be the final court of the last court system .
There are <unk> <unk> and cities that are very interested in the project .
They can even get some funding funding .
But the only thing we know they 've been solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants .
There are many companies that want to be installed in the Americas , especially in a place with a free trade zone , and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there .
In the world there are 700 million people who say that they would like to be changed immediately to another place .
There are a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States .
Many of them are parents who have to leave behind their family to go get a job , and sometimes they 're single mothers who have to make money to just eat or buy clothes .
Sadly , sometimes even kids who are trying to meet their parents who have n't seen , in some cases , in a decade .
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras ?
Or do you build a dozen of these around the world ?
What seems to you to think about insisting that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents ?
This is an idea worth spreading .
And my friends were asked to say , `` Thank you TED . ''
I 'm <unk> , and this is my <unk> .
But before I show you what 's inside , I 'm going to make a public confession , and that is , I live obsessed with suits .
I love to find , dress , and more recently , photograph and publish on my blog , colorful , colorful , different and different , and every time .
But I do n't buy anything new .
All my clothes is two <unk> markets and <unk> markets .
Ah , thank you .
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my <unk> in the environment and my wallet .
I go to know people who are <unk> , and usually my money goes to a good cause ; I look like it is unique ; and buy it becomes my personal quest of treasures .
I mean , what am I going to find today ?
Is it my size ?
Would you like color ?
Will it cost less than 20 dollars ?
If all the answers are positive , then I feel I 've won .
To go back to the theme of my <unk> , I want to tell you what we 're going to do for this exciting week at TED .
I mean , what about someone who 's got all of that clothes ?
So I 'm going to show you exactly what I brought .
I brought seven pairs of underwear , and nothing else .
<unk> inside for a week is all I 've put in my <unk> .
I figured it would be able to find everything else I 'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs .
And because you do n't know me like the woman who walks through TED in underwear , that means I found some things .
And I 'd like to show you the main sets of paper now .
It does n't sound interesting ?
While I do , I 'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not , I 've learned in this adventure of not to use new clothing .
Let 's start with Sunday .
I call this brilliant tiger .
You do n't have to spend a lot of money to look good .
You can almost always see it phenomenal for less than 50 dollars .
All the whole , including the jacket , it took me 55 , and it 's the most expensive thing I 've used in the week .
Monday , color is energy .
It 's almost physiologically impossible to be wrong , when you 're wearing a bright red pants .
If you 're happy , you 're going to attract other people happy .
Tuesday : <unk> is <unk> .
I 've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time .
Just yourself .
If you get rid of the right people , you wo n't just understand you , you 're also going to tell you .
<unk> : <unk> of the child you 're wearing inside .
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the <unk> , or I remember your little <unk> .
I like to say , `` Thank you . ''
Thursday : Trust is the key .
If you think you see you well with something , it 's almost certain that you are .
And if you think you do n't look good at something , it 's probably true .
My mother taught me this day day after day .
But it was n't until the age of 30 that I really understood his meaning .
And I 'm going to explain it in a few seconds .
If you think you 're a beautiful person in your inner and outside , there 's no look you ca n't attract .
So there 's no excuse for anyone from this audience .
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve .
Thank you .
<unk> : A universal truth six words for you : The golden name goes with everything .
And finally , Saturday : Developing a personal style , and only is a great way of telling the world something about you without having to say a word .
I 've tried it over and over again when people were approaching this week just by what I was using , and we had fantastic conversations .
Obviously , this is not going to go into my little <unk> .
So before I left home , Brooklyn , I 'm going to give everything .
Because the lesson I 'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things .
I do n't need emotionally emotionally on these things , because back in the corner , there will always be another crazy , colorful , brilliant suit , if there 's a little love in my heart , and I 'm looking for it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
This is a representation of your brain that we can split up in two parts .
The left side , which is the logic , and the right side , which is the intuitive part .
So , if you take a scale to measure the fitness of each hemisphere , we could design a plane of our brain .
For example , this would be somebody who 's completely logical .
This would be somebody who 's totally intuitive .
So , where do you get your brain on this scale ?
Some of them <unk> for one of these extremes , but I think for most of the members of this audience , their brain is something like this -- with a big fitness in both hemispheres at the same time .
It 's not that it 's another exclusive .
You can be logical and intuitive .
I consider myself one of those people , that just like most of the other experimental physical physicists , we need pretty much logic to make these complicated ideas .
But at the same time , we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work .
How do we develop this intuition ? Well , we like to play with things .
We 're going to play with them and then we see how they react , and then we develop our intuition from that point .
And actually , you do the same thing .
It 's a kind of intuition that you may have developed with the years is that it says one thing can be just one place at once .
I mean , it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time , but you were n't born with this notion , the developed .
I remember looking at a kid playing on a parking bar .
It was a little boy , and he did n't do it very well , it would always fall .
But I bet playing with that bar in a parking lot , taught an valuable lesson , and that is that the big things do n't allow them to <unk> them , and they stay in a place .
This is a big conceptual model that can be in the world , except to be a physicist of particles .
It would be a terrible model for a physicist of particles , because they do n't play with parking bars , they play with these strange little particles .
And when they 're playing their particles , they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls , or they can be in two different places at the same time .
And then they wrote all these observations , and they called the theory of quantum mechanics .
At that point , the physics was in a few years ago ; you needed of quantum mechanics to describe those little particles .
But you did n't need it to describe the big objects around us every day .
That did n't fit my intuition very well , and maybe it 's because I do n't play very often with particles .
Well , sometimes I play with them , but not too much .
And I 've never seen them .
I mean , nobody ever saw a particle .
But neither fit my logical part of my logic .
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics , so should n't it all follow the principles of quantum mechanics ?
I do n't find the reason why I should n't .
And so I felt much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics .
That 's why a few years ago , I proposed to do exactly that .
And I did .
This is the first object you can see that has been on a <unk> of quantum mechanics .
What we see here is a little computer chip .
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle .
That 's the piece of metal that I 'm going to talk about in a minute .
This is a picture of the object .
And here I 'm going to broaden it a little bit . It 's just in the center .
And then here we do a very large approach to the small metal <unk> .
What we see is a little little bit of metal , with a springboard and a springboard and <unk> into a platform .
And then I did this almost in the same way that you could do a computer chip .
I went to a clean silicon chip with a new silicon chip , and I started working all the big machines around 100 hours .
For the last material , I had to build my own machine -- to make this <unk> <unk> that is under the device .
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap , but it needs a little help .
Let me make an analogy .
You know how uncomfortable it is in an elevator full of people .
I mean , when I 'm on an elevator alone , I do all kinds of weird stuff , but then when other people go up to do those things , because I do n't want them to piss it out , or actually freak out .
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way .
<unk> of <unk> objects are not just people , it 's also the light that shines the light and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room .
So we knew that if we wanted this little bit of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics , we would have to <unk> all the other passengers .
And that 's what we did .
We put up the lights and we pulled out all the air , and then you cool it down to a temperature of less than a degree above absolute zero .
Now , when you 're just on the elevator , the little piece of metal is free to act as you want .
So we measure their movements .
We discovered that they moved in very strange forms .
Instead of staying perfectly still , he was vibrating , and the way it was <unk> was like a breath like this -- like a bellows that 's expanding and contracts .
And by giving you a smooth drive , we were able to make it <unk> , and not <unk> at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics .
So what I 'm telling you is something really fantastic .
What does that mean that a <unk> thing and not <unk> at the same time ?
Let 's think of atoms .
In one case : all the trillions of atoms that make up that metal are still still , and at the same time those same atoms are moving up to the top and down .
It 's just in certain moments when those line line up .
In the rest of the time , they 're <unk> .
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time , which means that the whole piece of metal is in two different places .
I think this is great .
Really .
It was the <unk> in a clean room to do this for all those years , because look at this , the difference in scale between one atom , and that little bit of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that little metal little and you .
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time , and that piece of metal can be in two different places , why not you too ?
I mean , it 's my logical part of it .
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time , how would that be ?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was embedded in space ?
There 's another part of the story .
And it 's when we heat it up , and we turned the lights up and look inside the box , we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece .
And I could get to this new intuition , apparently all the objects in the elevator are actually just quantum objects that are simply getting into a small space .
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims everything is all interconnected .
Well , that 's not so true .
It 's more than that , it 's deeper .
It is that those connections , your connections to all the things that surround you -- literally define who you are , and that 's the deep rarity of quantum mechanics .
Thank you .
My name is <unk> .
And 18 months ago I was doing another job at Google , until I launched the idea of doing something about a museum and art to my boss who 's here and it allowed me to do it .
It took me 18 months and it took me 18 months .
Many negotiations and stories , I assure you , with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries .
But I 'm going to focus on the demo .
There 's a lot of stories of why we did it .
I think my own story is just explains this slide , and this is access .
I grew up in India .
I did n't get rid of a great education -- but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork .
So when I started traveling and go to museums , I started learning a lot .
And working on Google , I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology .
So we formed a team , a great team of people , and we started to do it .
I 'd better show you the demo for you then to tell you a couple of interesting things that we 've taken out from their launch .
So simply , we 're going to <unk> it .
Look around all the museums that there is .
There 's the <unk> gallery , MoMA , <unk> , <unk> , Van Gogh .
I 'm actually going to get into one of my favorites , at <unk> , the art museum in New York .
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple .
We click on it , and you click ! We 're already inside the museum .
It does n't matter where you are , Bombay or <unk> , that does n't really matter .
You 're moving around and you have fun .
Would you like to navigate the museum ?
We opened the plane up , and with one click , we jumped inside .
You 're inside , you want to go in the end of the hall .
Go forward . That 's going to be done !
<unk> .
Thank you , but I have n't reached the best .
Now I 'm in front of one of my favorite paintings , `` The <unk> '' by Pieter <unk> in the <unk> .
I see the sign .
If the museum shows us the image , we click there .
Look , this is one of the images .
Here 's all the metadata data .
For those of you who are really interested in art , you can click there , but I 'm going to click here right now .
And this is one of the images that we 've captured in what we call the <unk> technology .
So this picture , for example , contains , I think , about 10,000 million pixels .
And there are many people who ask me , `` What do you get with 10,000 million pixels ? ''
So I 'll show you what you really do with 10,000 million pixels .
It can zoom in around in a very simple way .
You see fun things that are happening .
I love this guy , his expression is no price .
But if you really want to go into the way .
So I started playing , and I found something that was happening there .
And I said , `` Wait a moment , this looks interesting . ''
And I found that kids were actually playing something .
And I did a little research , I talked to some people from the <unk> , and I actually discovered that this is a game called [ unclear ] , which is <unk> a <unk> with a stick on the Carnival on the Carnival .
And it seemed very popular .
I do n't know why they did it , but I 've learned something about it .
And now we 're going to get deeper into deep , and you 'll see that you can actually get into the cracks .
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective , I 'm going to take away the image , so you really 'll see what there is .
This is where we were , and this is the painting .
The best thing is to come , a second .
So now we 're quickly going to jump off again at MoMA in New York .
Here 's another one of my favorites , `` The night <unk> . ''
The example I showed was to find details .
But what if you want to see the stroke ?
And if you want to see Van Gogh actually created this masterpiece ?
It goes up and really , really .
I 'm going to one of my favorite parts in this picture , and I 'm really going to get to the cracks .
This is the night <unk> , I think I 'd never seen it before .
I 'm going to show you another favorite of my favorite functions .
There are lots of things more here , but I do n't have time to show it .
This is the really cool part . It 's called `` <unk> . ''
All of you , absolutely everyone , does n't matter whether it 's rich or poor , or if you have one mansion , that 's the same .
You can online to create your own museum itself , create your own collection of all these images .
It 's very simple , we enter it , I 've created this function that I call the power of the zooming , '' -- we just zoom in around .
It 's about `` The ambassadors '' at the National Gallery in London .
You can write things out , send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel at contemplating these masterpieces .
So in conclusion , I think for me , the main thing is that all incredible things really do n't really come from Google .
No , in my opinion , they even do n't come from museums .
Maybe I should n't say this .
They actually come from those artists .
And that 's been my humble experience with this .
I mean , I hope that in this digital medium will do justice to its artwork , and that is represented properly online .
And the big question I 'm doing today is , `` You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum ? ''
And the answer is not .
It 's to supplement the experience .
And that 's it . Thank you .
Thank you .
Good afternoon to everybody .
I have something to show you .
Think of it is a pixel , a flying pixel .
In our lab , we call it sensitive design .
Let me tell you a little bit about this .
If you look at this picture -- I am from Italian origin , all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of his bedroom , but the reason I show you this is that has happened something very interesting in Formula 's careers in the last two decades .
Now , sometime ago , if you wanted to win a NASA 's race one , I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car .
And if the car and the pilot and the pilot were good enough , you 'd win the career .
This is what , in engineering , it 's going to be distributed in real time .
It 's essentially a system that has two components : a sensor and a <unk> .
What 's interesting today is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter in our lives .
Our cities , in the last few years , have been covered with networks and electronics .
They 're getting back computers into the open .
And as such , they 're starting to respond differently , and they can be detected and detected and detected .
<unk> cities is a big thing .
And as a note , I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the cortex on the planet , but they represent 50 percent of the world 's population .
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions .
If we could do something with cities , it would be a big thing .
Beyond the cities , all of these detections , all of these detections , you 're entering our everyday objects .
This is from an exhibition of Paola <unk> by the late year at MoMA , during the summer .
It 's called `` TEDTalk to me . ''
Well , our objects , the environment , start talking to us .
In a way , it 's like almost all of the existing atoms got up sensors and actuators .
And that 's actually changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment .
In a sense , it 's almost like the old dream of Michelangelo ...
You know , when Michelangelo <unk> the <unk> , he said that at the end , he took the hammer , and he threw it out in the Moses -- and he can still see a little <unk> a little bit , and he said , `` Are you going to say , `` Do n't you talk ? ''
Well , today , for the first time , our environment starts telling us .
And I 'm going to show you just a few examples , insisting on the idea of getting the environment and push something .
Let 's start with detection .
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab .
This was four and a half years ago in Italy .
It was a summer with luck 2006 .
It was the year in which Italy won the World Cup .
Maybe some of you remember that , they played Italy and France , and at the end , he gave the <unk> .
And anyway , he won Italy .
Now let 's see what happened that day looking at activity happens in the network .
Here we see the city .
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the river River .
It 's the morning , before the game .
The timeline is at the top .
In the early afternoon , there are people here and making calls , moving .
It starts off the game : silence .
<unk> from France . <unk> from Italy .
<unk> ; people do a quick call and goes to the bathroom .
Second time . End of time .
First of additional time , second .
<unk> , and at a moment , <unk> .
He earns Italy , yes !
That night everybody went to celebrate the center .
There you see the big peak .
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister then .
And then everybody came down .
You see the picture of the place called <unk> Massimo where , from the time Roman , people will celebrate ; it 's a great party , you can see the peak at the end of the day .
This is just an example of how you can actually measure the pulse of the city in a way that we could n't have done just a few years ago .
Another quick detection example : it 's not about people , but the things we use and consume .
Today , we know all about the collection of our objects .
This is a map that shows all the chips that make up a Mac , how they put together .
But we know very little about where things go .
So in this project , we developed some small tags to track the trash on its shift .
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle recently recently over a year ago , to label what they were throwing out , different kinds of things , as you can see , things that we can see .
Then we put a little chip , a tag , and then we start <unk> .
These are the results .
So from Seattle .
After a week .
With this information , we realized that there are lots of inefficiencies in the system .
We can do the same with much less energy .
These are data that did n't exist before .
They 're happening complicated things , and there 's a lot of unnecessary transportation .
But the other thing we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that <unk> does n't go away , which is still somewhere on the planet .
And if the plastic bottle that I just throw one day , it 's still still there .
And if we show that to people , then we can promote some change in behavior .
That was the reason for the project .
My colleague of MIT , <unk> <unk> , could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that , but I wanted to go to the second part we talked about at the beginning , which is push over the environment .
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in <unk> .
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city that came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces , in architecture .
And the question was , how can technology , new technology , join that ?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT , in a workshop , was , imagine you have a trunk and valves , <unk> valves , <unk> that you open and close .
It 's created as a curtain curtain , with pixels of water .
If you drop the pixels , you can write patterns , show patterns , images , texts .
And as you zoom in , the curtain will open so that we can go , as you see in the picture .
We presented this to the mayor of <unk> .
She liked a lot .
And let 's take a commission to design the building at the entry at the table .
We call it the Digital Water Authority .
The whole building is made of water .
There 's no gates and no windows , but when you come up , it opens up so you can pass .
The ceiling is also covered in water .
And if there 's a bit of wind , if you want to minimize the <unk> , it 's down the ceiling .
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears , as in this case .
And so there will always be someone in the winter , when you go down the ceiling , somebody who was there and he said , `` Did you build the building . ''
No , it 's not that they have demolished , but when it gets down almost the whole architecture of architecture .
So here 's how it works .
You see the people who are <unk> over what happens inside .
And here I 'm myself trying to do n't get wet by testing the sensors that open the water open .
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working .
That night was actually even more fun .
All the kids in <unk> came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit .
It was no longer a building that would open to let you go through , but a building that was still making cuts and holes in water and you had to jump to get wet .
( Music of people ) And for us that was very interesting because as architects , engineers , designers , we always think about use that people will give our designs .
But the reality is always unpredictable .
And that 's the beauty of doing things to interact , that people use it .
This is a picture of the building with the physical pixels , the pixels of water and projections about them .
And this is what led us to think about the next project I 'm going to show you .
Imagine that those pixels could start to fly .
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air , and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it 's a cloud that moves in space .
This is the video .
Imagine a helicopter , like the one we saw before , moving with others in synchrony .
We could form this cloud .
A kind of flexible display like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions .
Or normal , but in three dimensions , what changes is the light , not the <unk> position .
You can play with a different type .
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and sizes , different kinds of resolution .
And then all of that could be a pixel 's cloud , where you can go through , and go through , and see from very different angles .
This is the real <unk> , going down to form an V , like earlier .
When you light the light , you see this . The same thing we saw before .
Imagine each of them controlled by one person .
We can have each pixel with an input that comes from people , the movement of people , etc. , etc .
I want to show you something for the first time .
We 've been working with Roberto <unk> from the best ballet dancers of today , the top star of New York City and the Scala of <unk> to capture its 3D movements and use it as input for <unk> .
Here we can see Roberto dancing .
On the left side you see the pixels , capture it in different resolutions .
It 's as much 3D digitization in real time as motion capture .
It can transform the whole movement .
You can go through the whole way .
And once we have the pixels , we can play with them , with color and motion , with gravity and rotation .
We want to use this as a possible entry for the <unk> .
I wanted to show you the last project that we 're working on .
It 's something for the London Olympics .
It 's called the Cloud .
And the idea is , imagine again , that we could engage people in order to do something and change our <unk> environment as a <unk> farm as a barn farm , but with a cloud .
So imagine that we could get everybody a little bit for a pixel .
And I think the remarkable thing that 's happened in the last few years is that , in the last two decades , we moved from the physical world to the digital world .
We 've digitized everything , like knowledge , and it 's accessible to the Internet .
Today , for the first time -- and the Obama campaign is <unk> , we can move from the digital world , the power self-organizing of the networks , the physical world .
In our case , this can we want to use it to design and make a symbol .
That would mean something built in a city .
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today : think about climate change or CO2 emissions , how to move from the digital world to the physical world ?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together , collectively .
The cloud is a cloud , again , made from pixel in the same way that the real cloud is a particle cloud .
And those particles are water , while in our cloud , are missing .
It 's a physical structure in London , but covered with pixel .
You can move around , you have different experiences .
You can see from the bottom , it will serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympics and even more , and it can be used as a form of connection with the community .
So , it 's a physical cloud of the sky as something you can go up , like a new top of London .
You can get there in there .
As if it was a new digital portable at night , but most importantly , it 's going to be a new experience for anyone to go to the top .
Thank you .
Would you like to be better than you are ?
Suppose I told you that , with just a few changes in your genes , you could improve your memory -- for more accurate , more accurate and faster .
Or maybe they 'd like to be in better ways , will be stronger , to have more resistance .
Would you like to be more attractive and confident yourself ?
How about living more with good health ?
Or maybe it 's about those people who always wanted to be more creative .
What else would you like ?
What would you like , if you could choose something ?
( Audience Audience : Creativity . ) Creativity .
How many people would choose creativity ?
Hands up . Let me see .
A few . I probably owe to the number of creative people present .
That 's very good .
How many would you choose memory ?
A few more .
How about the physical state ?
A little less .
How about longevity ?
Oh , most of them . That makes me feel very well as a doctor .
If you could have some of this , the world would be very different .
Is it just imagination ?
Or maybe it 's possible ?
Evolution has been a theme here at the TED Conference , but I want to give you a doctor 's eye on the subject .
The great geneticist in the 20th century , <unk> , which also <unk> in the Church of <unk> <unk> , wrote an essay called `` Nothing in biology makes sense of the sunlight . ''
But if you actually accept biological evolution consider this : it 's just the past , or the future ?
refers to others or us ?
This is another look at the tree of life .
The human part of this branch , well at one end , is , of course , the most we 're interested in .
<unk> from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago .
At the interval there have been maybe 20 different species of hominids .
Some have gone and come back .
We 've been here about <unk> .
It might seem like we are far from other parts of this tree of life , but actually , in the most part , the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same .
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacterium to produce the protein of human insulin that 's used to treat diabetes ?
This is not like human insulin , but it 's the same protein , chemically indistinguishable , from the pancreas .
And bacteria talking about bacteria -- they realize that we 're all carrying on the body more bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body ?
Maybe 10 times more .
I mean , do you think -- when Antonio Damasio does , you know what you 're thinking about bacteria ?
The gut is a wonderfully hospitable environment for those bacteria .
It 's warm , dark , wet , <unk> .
And we 're going to give them all the nutrients that they can want without their part .
It 's really like a quick route to bacteria with the occasional disruption of some rush to the output .
But by so on , we 're a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life .
They help to digest essential nutrients , and they protect them from certain diseases .
But what will the future hold ?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species ?
Or meant to become a different thing , something maybe much better adapted to the environment ?
In this vast symphony , <unk> of the universe , life on Earth is like a brief compass -- the animal kingdom , as a single one and only <unk> , and the human life , a little bit of grace .
That was us .
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk so I hope they enjoyed .
When I was just coming to college , I had my first class of biology .
I was fascinated by the elegance and the beauty of biology .
I fell in love with the power of evolution , and I realized something fundamental : most of the existence of life , within organisms , each cell simply is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters .
But when the multicellular organisms appear , things start to change .
It goes into the sexual reproduction .
And something very important : with the emergence of the sexual reproduction that the genome is happening , the rest of the body becomes <unk> .
In fact , you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body is in evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction .
I have to tell you that when I was a college student , I thought , well , <unk> , <unk> , death by sex -- it seemed pretty reasonable at the time , but with every year that was happening , every time I had more doubts .
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns , who was still performing in Las Vegas in his 90s .
And one night somebody hits their door door .
He opens the door .
And in front of him , it 's a lovely light dancer of clothes .
He looks at it , and he says , `` I came for a `` sex soup . ''
`` Okay , '' he says George , `` I chose the soup . ''
I realized , as a doctor , who was working on a different goal , the goal of evolution -- not necessarily counterintuitive , just different .
I was trying to preserve the body .
I wanted you to get healthy .
I wanted to recover health in the disease .
I wanted them to live more and healthier .
Evolution is taking the genome to the next generation , adapting and <unk> generation after generation .
From an evolutionary point of view , you and I are kind of such as designed rockets to send the genetic burden to the next level of the orbital level , and then let us fall to the sea .
I think we would all understand the feeling that Woody Allen was when he said , `` I do n't want to achieve immortality through my job .
I want to be not dying . ''
Evolution does n't necessarily enjoy longevity .
I do n't necessarily enjoy the bigger or the strongest or even the smartest .
Evolution benefits the best adapted creatures to their environment .
That 's the only proof of survival and success .
In the bottom of the ocean , the <unk> bacteria that can survive the heat of the <unk> that produce , if there were fish there , clean fish into vacuum fish , yet they 've managed to do that a <unk> environment .
So what this means , when we look at what 's happening in evolution , and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution , and , in particular , if we look forward , the next one -- I would say there 's a lot of possibilities .
The first is that they did n't get away .
We 've reached some kind of balance .
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine , first of all , we 've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and produced from the population .
And secondly , as a species , we 've <unk> our environment so that we fit the environment as we adapt to it .
And by the way , we migrated and <unk> , and we will become so much that it 's not possible to have the isolation that we need to make evolution happen .
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional , natural type , imposed by the forces of nature .
And the argument here would be , that the gears of evolution roll slowly , but they 're <unk> .
And in terms of isolation : when as a species , distant planets are going to exist , there will be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce evolution in a natural way .
But there is a third possibility , an attractive , intriguing possibility .
I call it <unk> , the new evolution , which is not just natural -- it 's <unk> and chosen for us as individuals we will make .
Now , how could this happen ?
How could we get to do this ?
So , let 's first consider the reality that many people today , in some cultures , are making decisions about their offspring .
In some cultures , they 're choosing to have more boys than women .
It 's not necessarily a good thing for society , but it 's what you choose at the individual and family level .
Just think that if you could be able to choose not only sex in your offspring , but your own body will make your own genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease .
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer 's disease or reduce the stroke of the stroke ?
Would n't you want to make those changes in their genes ?
If we look at the future that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible .
The Human Genome Project began in 1990 and she sued 13 years .
<unk> billion dollars .
The next year of having finished , in 2004 , I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months .
Today , you can get a full sequence of the three billion bases base pairs of the human genome at the cost of about $ 20,000 and a week .
We do n't know a lot to make the human genome happen for 1,000 and more and more and more at the fingertips .
They come up with those changes .
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can do viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves but they 're going to induce their other viruses .
Believe it or not there 's an experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing in cells from a tobacco plant .
Can you imagine something good at tobacco ?
That 's actually today and in the future is going to be increasingly possible .
Imagine just two small changes .
Can you change the cells in your bodies , but if you could change your offspring cells ?
What if you could change sperm and eggs , or change the egg just <unk> , and give your children a better chance of a healthier life , eliminating diabetes , remove the <unk> , reduce the risk of cancer ?
Who does n't want healthier children ?
And then , that same analytical technology , that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease , will also allow us to adopt <unk> -- a better memory .
Why do n't you have the wit of a Ken Jennings , especially if you could do it with the next generation of machine Watson ?
Why not have a <unk> muscle that allowed us to run faster and more distance ?
Why not live longer ?
This is going to be irresistible .
And when we 're in conditions of turning this to the next generation , and we can adopt the attributes that we want to become the evolution of earlier in the <unk> .
We 're going to take a process that I normally could bring 100,000 years away , and we can compress it down to 1,000 years and maybe within the next 100 years .
These are choices that their grandchildren , or the grandchildren of their grandchildren , are going to be in front of them .
Are we going to use these options as a better , more successful , more considered , more shell ?
Or are we going to do selectively choose different attributes that we want some of us , but not for others ?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more robust , more maneuverable and more maneuverable ?
This is the kind of question we 're going to have to face .
And the deepest thing about all : Are we going to be able to develop the wisdom and inherit the wisdom needed to make these decisions wisely ?
For good or for bad , and before what you might think , these choices are going to depend on us .
Thank you .
Imagine a big bang when you 're at 3,000 feet high .
Imagine a plane full of smoke .
Imagine a motor making <unk> , <unk> , <unk> .
<unk> , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> . It sounds frightening .
Well , I had a single seat that day . I was sitting in the <unk> .
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants .
So I immediately looked at it , and they said , `` There 's no problem . You 've probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already scratched the airplane , and we were n't so far away .
You could see Manhattan .
Two minutes later , three things happened at the same time .
The pilot <unk> the Hudson River .
Mostly that 's not the route .
Let 's run the engines .
Imagine being on an airplane and no noises .
And then he said three words .
The three plus words I 've ever heard of .
He said , `` <unk> for the impact . ''
I did n't have to talk more with the flight assistant .
I could see it in his eyes .
It was terror . Life was finished .
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day .
I learned that everything changes in a moment .
We have this list of things to do before we die , these things that we want to do in life , and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to , I did n't , all the fences that I wanted to repair , all the experiences I wanted to have , and I never had .
As I thought about that later , I came up with a phrase , which is , `` I collect bad wines . ''
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there , I 'm going to open it up .
I do n't want to dwell on anything in life .
And that purpose , that purpose , has really changed my life .
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as long as we had the bridge George Washington , which was not for a lot -- I thought about , wow , I really feel big though .
I 've lived a good life .
In my humanity and my mistakes , I 've tried to improve everything I did .
But in my humanity , I also gives rise to my ego .
And I regret the time I wasted on things that did n't matter with people who do matter .
And I thought about my relationship with my wife , with my friends , with people .
And then , as I did , I decided to remove the negative energy of my life .
It 's not perfect , but it 's much better .
In two years I have n't had a fight with my wife .
It feels like wonders .
I 'm not trying to be right ; it 'll be happy .
The third thing I learned -- and this is how your mental clock goes <unk> , `` 15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water coming in .
I 'm saying , `` Please fly . ''
I do n't want this to break in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries .
And as I walked out , I had the feeling of , wow , die not afraid .
It 's almost like we 've been <unk> for that all of our life .
But it was very sad .
I did n't want to go ; I love my life .
And that sadness is <unk> in a single thought , which is , I just want one thing .
I wish I could see my kids grow .
A month later , I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade , not much of the artistic talent -- yet , and I shout , I cry , like a little .
And for me , that was the whole reason for the world to be .
At that point I understood , when I connect those two points , that the only thing that matters in my life is a great parent .
For most of all , the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent .
I was awarded a miracle , not to die that day .
And I became another gift , which was the possibility of looking at the future and go back and live in a different way .
You 're flying the challenge today , the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens on your airplane -- and please do n't -- but imagine , and how would you change ?
What would you do , you still expect to do because you think you 're going to live forever ?
How would your relationships change and the negative energy in them ?
And most importantly , are the best parents that can ?
Thank you .
I 've clearly been blessed with a lot of amazing projects .
But the biggest thing I worked on was for this guy .
The guy 's called <unk> .
<unk> was one of the most important <unk> in the '80s .
One day he came to his house after running , and he said , `` Dad , I feel everywhere in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS .
Today , it has complete paralysis .
It can only use your eyes .
Their work influenced me .
I have a design firm and animation so that , obviously , graffiti is a intricate thing we admire and respect in the world of art .
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony , <unk> , and his cause .
So I went , and I met her brother and father and I said , `` Let 's give you this money .
What are you going to do with it ? ''
And his brother said , `` I just want to be able to talk to Tony again .
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he 's able to communicate with me . ''
And I said , `` One second , not that you 've seen Stephen <unk> , is n't that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices ? ''
And he said , `` No , unless you 're a major person and you have a very good insurance , you ca n't actually do it .
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said , `` Well , how are they communicating ? ''
Anybody see the movie `` The scuba and the butterfly ? ''
They communicate that way -- they 're making them with their finger .
I said , `` That 's archaic . How can it be ? ''
So I showed up with the only wish to deliver a check and instead signed a check that had no idea how I was going to cover it .
I committed his brother and his father there at that precise moment , `` Okay , this is the deal : Tony 's going to talk , we 're going to build a machine , and we 're going to find a way to get back to the art again .
Because it 's ridiculous that someone who has so much in their inner ca n't communicate . ''
So I spoke at a conference a couple months later .
I met these guys called `` <unk> Research Lab , '' which have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface , and then , with a laser pointer , you draw on it and register the negative space .
So they go around making art facilities like this .
All the things that appear , they say , are part of a life cycle .
They start with sexual organs , then with the bad words , then with the Bush attacks , and at the end , people start to do art .
But there was always a life cycle in his presentations .
And so it started the journey .
And about two years later , about a year after a lot of organization , after a lot of organization , I was able to move things from one side to another one , we 'd achieved a couple of things .
One , we touch the gates of insurance companies and we managed to get a machine that allows us to communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking .
Which was great .
And seriously , it 's the most fun thing ; I call it <unk> , because when you talk to the guy , you get an email from him , and you say , `` I do n't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all the world 's <unk> to our house .
My wife , children and I , we moved to the garage back and these hackers and programmers and <unk> and <unk> they took over the house .
A lot of our friends thought that we were doing something completely stupid , and that when they were trying to have the squares removed from the walls and they would have graffiti .
But for two weeks , we were going to go to the shipping bottle of <unk> , my son was part , my dog was part , and we created this .
It 's called <unk> , and you can see the description .
They 're a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought at the sea ride from <unk> Beach , some copper wire and <unk> and the Radio Shack .
We took a <unk> camera , we open it up , and we put it up on an LED light , and now there 's a device that is free -- and it builds yourself -- we published the code by the software down for free .
And we created a device that has no limitation at all .
There 's no insurance company that says `` no . ''
There 's no hospital I can say , `` No . ''
Anyone with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicate using just their eyes .
Thank you .
Thank you very much to you . That was awesome .
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the <unk> room .
I love this picture because this is the other person room , and that 's his room .
There was this whole <unk> and <unk> during the big opening .
And after more than a year of planning , two weeks of programming , for the whole night , Tony went back to drawing for the first time in seven years .
And this is a wonderful picture , because this is the support system of his life and is looking through the support system of his life .
We ran the bed for him to see .
And we put a projector on a wall of the outside of the hospital .
And he went back to draw for the first time in his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling was in the parking lot .
The funny thing was , we had to take on the parking lot , so we feel like we were <unk> a graffiti .
At the end of this , he sent us an email and this was what he said , `` This was the first time I was drawing in seven years .
I felt like I 'd been underwater and somebody finally came to <unk> and would take me out of there so I could breathe . ''
Is n't it wonderful ?
In a way , that 's our scream for war .
That 's what keeps us in motion , developing .
And we have a long way to go through this .
It 's a great device , but it 's the equivalent of a <unk> clip .
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more .
So we 're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust .
Since then , we 've had all kinds of recognition .
We 've gained a lot of awards .
Remember , it 's free ; none of us are making money on this .
Everything comes out of our own pockets .
The prizes were like , `` Oh , this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweeted something about us , and then in December , Time magazine recognized us as one of the best inventions in 2010 , and it was really great .
The best thing about this -- and this is what ends up of closing the <unk> is that in April of this year in the South Los Rights center , there 's going to be an exhibition called `` Art in <unk> . ''
And `` Art on <unk> '' is going to have the best <unk> urban art , <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> , <unk> all of them are going to be there .
<unk> is going to be on the show , which is pretty impressive .
So basically this is my idea : if you look at something that is n't possible , do it possible .
None of what 's in this room was possible -- the stage , the microphone , the microphone , the microphone was possible at some point .
Make it possible -- anything in this room .
I 'm not a programmer , I never did anything with eye recognition technology -- I just recognized something , and I was obsessed with wonderful people to be able to make it happen .
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we 're feeling something we feel like to do . If it 's not now , when ? And if I 'm not me , who ?
Thank you guys .
I 've spent the last few years in situations generally very difficult and at the same time as much dangerous .
I went to prison -- hard .
I worked in a coal mine -- dangerous .
Film zones in war zones -- hard and dangerous .
And I spent 30 days eating only this -- fun at the beginning , something difficult in the middle , really dangerous at the end .
In fact , in much of my career , I 've been dealing with a lot of my career in these awful situations with the only goal of treating social issues in ways that just be attractive , interesting , and hopefully , analyzing it in a way that would be seen and accessible to the audience .
So when I knew I was going to come here to do a TEDTalk here on the world of brands , and patronage wanted to do something a little bit differently .
So some of you may have heard it , or not , a couple of weeks ago , I took a warning in <unk> .
I sent a few messages on Facebook , some on Twitter , I volunteered for the name of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011 .
What had been the following thing : `` Let me tell you my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it 's about and according to content , '' especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company to do it .
But this is a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks ?
A lot .
It 's a degree in progress , by the way .
So even with that <unk> , I knew someone was going to buy the rights of the name .
If you would have asked me a year ago , I would n't have to tell you about it .
But in the new film I 'm working on , we looked at the marketing world , from advertising .
And as I said earlier , I 've been involved in horrible situations in the last few years , but nothing could be made by me , nothing was so difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys .
You see , I had this idea for a film .
Morgan <unk> : I want to make a film that 's about the <unk> of products , marketing and advertising , and that all the film is funded by <unk> , marketing and advertising .
The film is going to be called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
What 's going on in `` The largest movie ever sold '' is that everything up to the bottom , in the beginning , has a brand images , all the time -- from the <unk> that appears before the title , the brand X .
Now this brand , <unk> bank , the <unk> Center .
These people were <unk> the film in perpetuity .
And so the film explores all of this idea . ( Michael <unk> : It 's lifeless . That 's what ? ( MK : Is it redundant .
I 'm a teenager . ( MK : I 'm just saying it . ) It was more to emphasis .
It was `` A forever . ''
But we 're not just going to have the sponsor of X mark in the title , but we 're going to make sure all the categories that we can in the film .
Maybe it 's a shoe and it becomes the biggest shoe you 've used ...
The most cool car you 've driven in `` The largest film ever sold , '' the better drink you 've taken away from `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
<unk> <unk> : The idea is then , in addition to showing the brands as part of life , making them the film ? ( MS : Doing that <unk> the film ) MS : And we actually showed the whole process of how it works .
The goal of the complete film is transparency .
You 're going to see the whole process in this film .
That 's the whole idea , the whole film , from beginning to end .
And I would love to help them make it happen .
Robert Friedman : You know , it 's funny because it 's the first time I hear that ; it 's the most respect for the audience .
Guy : However , I do n't know how responsive people are going to be the people .
<unk> : You have a perspective -- I do n't know if `` angle '' -- but you know how it 's going to resonate ? ( MS : No idea . ) David <unk> : How much money does to do this ?
MS : A million and a half : John Kamen : I think it 's going to be difficult for the meeting with them , but it 's certainly going to be worthwhile to convince a couple of big brands .
<unk> : Who knows , maybe for the moment that film comes out , let 's see a lot of idiocy .
MS : What do you think is going to be the answer ?
Stuart <unk> : Most answers will be `` no . ''
MS : But will it be hard to sell it , by the film or for being ?
JK : Both things .
MS : It means you 're not very optimistic .
So help me ? I need help .
MK : I can help .
MS : Okay . ( MK : Okay . ) Awesome .
MK : We have to think about which brands .
MS : Yes . ( MK : That 's the challenge .
MK : We have some places where to go . ( MS : Okay . ) Put the camera .
MS : I thought , `` switch off the camera meant we have a conversation outside the microphone .
<unk> the camera means `` We do n't want to know anything about your film . ''
MS : And so one for one , all these companies suddenly disappeared .
None of them wanted to have anything to do with this film .
I was surprised .
They did n't want to know anything with this project .
And I was very impressed ; I thought the concept of advertising , was to introduce the product to as many people as possible , to make as many people as possible .
Especially in the world today , this intersection of new media and old media and the scenario of separate media , is n't the idea to actually tell that new vehicle worth of attention that 's going to bring the message to the masses ?
No , that 's what I thought .
But the problem was , you see , my idea had a <unk> error and error was this one .
There was n't really a mistake .
There was no mistake at all .
This would have been right .
But the problem was what this image represents .
See , when you 're looking for <unk> pictures , this is one of the first images that appear .
I like your roll way , Sergey Brin . No .
This was the problem : transparency and simulation , or deception , easily detected or seen -- that 's easily understood , which is characterized by the visibility or access to information , especially in business practices -- the last line perhaps the biggest problem .
You see , we hear a lot about transparency in these days .
Our politicians named our name , the president , even the CEOs named .
But all of a sudden when it comes to making something really changes .
But why ? Well , transparency is afraid -- like that weird bear that 's still <unk> .
It 's unpredictable -- it 's unpredictable -- like this rare rural path .
And it 's also very risky .
What else is risky ?
We had an entire bowl of Cool Cool bowl .
That 's very risky .
When I started talking to the companies and tell them that we wanted to tell this story , and they said , `` No , we want to tell you .
We want to tell a story , but we want to tell you .
See , when I was a kid , and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he 's looking at me just as a little bit of me saying , `` Son , there are three sides in every story .
It 's your story , it 's my story , and it 's the real story . ''
You see , in this film , we wanted to tell the real story .
But with just one company , an agency wanted to help me -- and that just because I knew John Bond and Richard <unk> of many years -- I realized I would have to go down to my own , I would have to remove the mediate and go to business myself with all my team .
So what I began to figure out of a sudden -- that I started to show myself , is that when you start talking with the business , the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem .
MS : I have friends who make big , huge , giant films that make small movies , independent movies , like mine .
And my friends who make big Hollywood movies , giant Hollywood , say the reason that their movies have so successful is due to the brands associated with .
And then my friends who do independent films say , `` Well , how are we supposed to compete with these big , giant Hollywood movies ? ''
And the film is called `` The largest movie ever sold . ''
How are we going to see specifically in the movie ?
Every time I 'm going to get out , every time I open my <unk> , you 'll see the deodorant .
At any time during an interview with someone , I can say , `` Are you okay cool for this interview ?
Are you ready ? You get a little bit nervous .
I want to help you get stuck .
Maybe you should put a little bit before the interview . ''
And there was one of these great statues .
Both `` <unk> <unk> '' as `` Paradise from Paradise , '' they 're going to have their opportunity .
We 're going to have a lot of men like women -- solid , <unk> , on bar , whatever .
That 's the general look .
Now I can answer your questions and give you a look at <unk> .
Karen Frank : We 're a small brand .
It 's kind of similar to the kind of smaller movies that you 've ever made ; we 're rather a rival brand .
So we do n't have the budget that you have other brands .
So doing things like this , you know , remind me of people , is the reason why we 're interested in this .
MS : What words would they use to describe earlier ?
There is a blank slate .
KF : That 's a big question .
Volunteer : higher tech .
MS : Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you want to describe to you .
Man : We talk about a bold , cool thing .
I think `` cool '' is a great word that actually puts this category at positive versus smell and sweat .
It keeps you cool .
How do you hold you cooler ? With better freshness , more freshness , three times more cool .
Things like those who highlight the benefits .
MS : And that 's a <unk> company .
What about me ? What about a common guy ?
I need to talk to the guy in the street , to the people like me , to the commons .
They have to talk to me about my brand .
MS : How do you define your brand ?
Man : Mmm my brand ?
I do n't know .
I like good clothes .
Woman : revive the '80s , <unk> punk , ' unless it 's a laundry day .
MS : Okay , what 's the <unk> brand ?
<unk> : Something unique . ( MS : No . ) Man : I guess the kind of gender , the style I have would be like a dark <unk> .
I like color colors , lots of gray and things like that .
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses , or I like the crystals and the same .
Woman : If Dan were a brand could be a classic <unk> , Mercedes Benz .
Man 2 : The brand I am , I would call `` casual <unk> . ''
Woman 2 : In a hippie part , partly <unk> Brooklyn , I do n't know .
Man 3 : I 'm the kind of pets .
It <unk> <unk> toys in the country and the world .
So I guess that 's my brand .
In my small sector , that 's my brand .
Man 4 : My brand is FedEx because they deliver commodities .
Man 5 : <unk> <unk> failure .
Is that something ?
<unk> : I 'm a lawyer .
Tom : I 'm Tom .
MS : Well , we ca n't all be brand Tom , but I 'm often amazed at the dark <unk> intersection and <unk> .
I realized I needed an expert .
I needed somebody who could go into my head , someone who could help me understand what they call the `` personality personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson <unk> in Pittsburgh .
They helped companies like <unk> , <unk> , Hallmark to discover that personality personality .
If they could do it for them , they surely could do it for me .
<unk> : <unk> the photos , right ?
MS : Yeah . The first picture is a familiar picture .
A : Tell me a little bit about how it relates to your thoughts and feelings your way of being .
MS : These people shape my way to see the world .
A : Tell me about that world .
MS : That world ? I think your world is the world you live in -- as people around you , your friends , your family , the way you live your life , the work you do .
All of those things come and start in a place and in my case where they come and start in my family , in West Virginia .
A : What 's the next one you want to talk about ?
MS : The next one is `` This was the best day of my life . ''
A : How does this relate to your thoughts , feelings and your way of being ?
MS : It 's like who I want to be .
I like things .
I like weird stuff . I like weird stuff .
A : Tell me about `` why '' -- why do we do that ?
What is the <unk> ? What <unk> are you now ?
Why is it important ? What 's the red ?
Tell me a little bit about that .
A little more you , which is not who you are .
What else have you had ?
It does n't have to be fear . What kind of roller coaster you are ?
MS : <unk> ! ( A Thank you . ) No , thank you .
A : Thank you for your patience . ( MS : Great work . ) A : Yes . ( MS : Thank you very much . ) All right .
MS : Yeah , I do n't know what 's going to go out of this .
There was a lot of crazy stuff .
<unk> <unk> : The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides , but complementary , on your brand personality , the brand Morgan <unk> is a <unk> brand .
They got very good together .
And I think there 's almost a paradox of them .
And I think some companies will only be focused on one of their strengths or the other rather than focusing on both .
Many companies tend to avoid the things that they 're not safe ; they 're trying to avoid fear , those elements , and you actually <unk> them and make them become positive for you , and it 's nice to see that .
What other brands are they ?
The first here is the classic , Apple .
And you can also see here to Target here , Wii , Mini of <unk> Mini and <unk> .
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands , those things that have gone and come in , but a <unk> brand is really powerful .
MS : An <unk> brand . What 's your brand ?
If someone asks you to get your brand identity , your brand personality , what would be you ?
Are you a lower attribute ? You 're somebody who makes the blood flow ?
Or are you more kind of a top-down asset ?
A bit more quiet , reserved , conservative ?
The Oregon attributes are kind of playful as being playful as the Prince , contemporary , adventurous , adventurous , challenged <unk> , faster or agile , kings , dominant , magical or mystic as <unk> .
Or are you more kind of <unk> revenue ?
Are you conscious , sophisticated like <unk> ?
Are you really established , traditional , vendor , protective ? Can you get into Oprah ?
You 're reliable , stable , familiar , reliable , very familiar , sacred , contemplative , wiser , like the Dalai Lama or <unk> ?
In the course of this film , we had over 500 companies , bottom-up and descending ones , which said , `` No , '' they did n't want to be part of this project .
They did n't want to have anything to do with this film , mainly because they would n't have control , they would have no control over the end product .
We were allowed to tell us the story of the <unk> , and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the desire centers in the brain so much for commercial marketing , as a movie movie .
We went to St. Paulo where the advertisements go to the air .
In the entire city over the last five years , no , there 's no posters , there 's no <unk> .
And we went to school districts where companies are going to be able to go into schools with liquidity problems in America .
The amazing thing to me is that the projects I 've had the most answer , or the ones I 've had more success are the ones that I 've interacted with things directly .
And that 's what these brands made .
They took the <unk> , taken to their agencies , and they said maybe these agencies do n't have my best interest in mind .
I 'm going to try directly with the artist .
I 'm going to work with it to create something different , something that 's going to make people think , that it 's going to challenge the way we look at the world .
And how has it gone ? Did they succeed ?
Well , since the movie is released to Sundance , let 's take a look .
According to the movie , it came out in January , and since then -- and this is not <unk> , we 've had 900 million million impressions in the media for this film .
This is just over a period of two and a half weeks .
That 's just online -- no press , no TV .
The movie is still not slowing down .
It 's still not online . It 's not in <unk> .
It 's not even presented to other countries yet .
Ultimately , this film has already begun to win momentum .
And it 's not bad for almost all of the agencies that we talk about to their customers not to be part .
I 've always believed that if you risk them , if you risk risks , that you have opportunities .
I think when you get people out of that , it 's pushing them to failure .
I think when you train their employees at risk , they 're preparing their company to be being made by rewards .
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to take advantage of them .
We have to encourage people who are not afraid of the opportunities that they can <unk> .
Ultimately , I 'm going to move forward , I think we need to give it to the fear .
We have to put that bear in a cage .
You 're afraid . You 're going to get the risk .
From one <unk> at the time , we have to embrace the risk .
And ultimately , we need to support transparency .
Today more than ever a bit of honesty , it 's going to go a long way .
And I said this , with honesty and transparency , all of my talk `` The Transparency '' has been presented by my good friends of <unk> who for dollars bought the rights of the name in <unk> .
<unk> : <unk> big data in big opportunities for companies around the world .
<unk> presents the Transparency .
Thank you very much people .
June Cohen : So , Morgan , on the name of transparency , that happened exactly with those $ Ireland ?
MS : It 's a fantastic question .
In my pocket , I have a check in the name of the TED array , the Sapling Foundation , a check for faculty to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year .
The idea behind the worm can look very simple .
We do n't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb .
Their biggest asset for nuclear weapons is the <unk> <unk> plant .
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems .
If we can compromise these systems that control speeds and valves , we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge .
The gray boxes do n't use Windows software ; they 're entirely different .
But if we put a cash virus virus in a laptop used by an engineer to set up this gray box , then we 're ready .
This is the plan behind Stuxnet .
We started with a Windows <unk> .
The <unk> enters the gray box , damages the centrifuge , and the Iranian nuclear program is <unk> ; mission accomplished .
It 's easy , huh ?
I want to tell you how we discovered this .
When we started research on Stuxnet six months ago , the purpose was completely unknown .
The only thing I knew is that it 's very , very complex on the Windows of the Windows : the <unk> used multiple <unk> vulnerabilities .
It seemed like to want to do something with these gray boxes , these control systems .
And that 's called us attention , and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Stuxnet and saw what happened to this .
So they spent very strange things .
Stuxnet behaves like a laboratory rat who did n't like our cheese : the wave , but I did n't want to eat .
It did n't make sense for me .
And after experiencing different flavors of cheese , I realized , and I thought , `` This is a run .
It 's completely addressed . ''
The <unk> is actively seeking in the gray box if you find a specific configuration , and even if the program that 's trying to infect is actually working on that place .
If you do n't , Stuxnet does n't do anything .
So that called my attention , and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day , because I thought , `` We do n't know what the goal is . ''
It might be , let 's say for example , a U.S. energy plant , or a chemical plant in Germany .
Let 's better leave the target soon .
And we pulled out the attack code , and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs : a small one and a big one .
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information .
It 's going to give you all the points for you to attack .
You probably even know how much the operator is going on .
So , you know everything .
And if you 've heard that Stuxnet of Stuxnet is complex and high-tech , let me tell you , the load is very complex .
It 's very above all we 've seen before .
Here you see a sample of this attack code .
We 're talking about 15,000 lines of code .
It looks pretty much like the old <unk> language .
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code .
What we were looking at at the beginning were called the functions of the system , because we know what they do .
And then we were looking for <unk> and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world , with potential real world targets .
We need theories over order that we could approve of or <unk> .
To get to theories about goals , we remember that it is definitely a violent <unk> , it must be a violent white , and it 's probably located in Iran , because it 's where most infections has been <unk> .
You do n't find several thousand targets in that area .
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant and the <unk> plant .
So I said to my assistant , `` Let 's get a list of all the experts in <unk> and energy plants between our clients . ''
I called them and I consulted them in an effort to marry their experience with what we found in code and data .
And it worked pretty well .
So we were able to associate the little digital <unk> with the control of rotor .
So rotor is that mobile phone , in the centrifuge , that black object you see .
If they run the speed of this rotor , they certainly can <unk> and even make the centrifuge explode .
What we also saw is that the attack of the attack was slow and <unk> it in an obvious way to <unk> them insane to the nest engineers , so they could n't solve this quickly .
We tried to figure out the big digital <unk> looking very closely by the data and their structures .
So , for example , the number <unk> shows up in that code , you ca n't get rid of it .
I started looking at scientific literature about how these <unk> are built in <unk> and found that they 're structured in what 's called a waterfall , and every waterfall contains <unk> <unk> .
That made sense , there was a coincidence .
And he got better .
These <unk> in Iran are divided into 15 parts called stages .
And guess what we found in the attack code ?
It 's almost identical .
So again , that was a good coincidence .
This gave us a lot of confidence in understanding what we had .
So there were no misunderstandings .
The results have been coming after several weeks of hard work .
<unk> <unk> in dead ends , and we had to start with .
And yet , we found that both digital warheads would have been to one and same objective , but from different angles .
The small <unk> is taking a waterfall , and by turning the roadable and <unk> , and the big <unk> is communicating with six waterfalls and manipulating valves .
In fact , we 're very confident that we 've determined that we 've determined what the recipient would be .
It 's <unk> , and it 's just <unk> .
We should n't worry about the other goals to be treated by Stuxnet .
Here I show you some very interesting things that we saw , they really were shocked .
There 's the gray box , and the top you see the <unk> .
What this thing does is to eavesdrop on the values of the input values for example , of pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code , which is still running during the attack , with fake input data .
And believe it or not , these fake entry data are <unk> by Stuxnet .
It 's like in Hollywood movies , where , during the theft , the security camera is <unk> <unk> .
That 's great ?
The idea here is obviously not only the operators in the middle of control .
It 's really much more dangerous and aggressive .
The idea is to make a digital security system .
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast .
For example , in a power plant , when the large steam turbine comes up , you have to open up with <unk> in a millisecond .
Obviously , this ca n't do a human operator .
That 's where we need digital security systems .
And when they 're engaged , then they can get bad things .
The plant can exploit .
And the <unk> and the security system will notice it .
That scares it .
But it can be worse .
What I 'm going to say is very important .
Think about this . This attack is generic .
It has nothing to do , specifically , with <unk> , with <unk> .
It could also work , for example , in a car plant , or in an automotive factory .
It 's generic .
And you do n't have -- like attacker -- that disseminate this burden on a USB key , as we saw in the case of Stuxnet .
You could also use conventional worms from <unk> .
It 's going to be possible .
And if you made that , with what you 're seeing is with a <unk> of mass destruction .
That 's the consequence we have to face .
Unfortunately , the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East .
It 's in the United States and in Japan .
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals .
We have to deal with the consequences , and better than we 're starting to prepare now .
Thank you .
Chris Anderson : I have a question .
Ralph , has been public made in many sides that people assume that <unk> is the main entity behind this .
What 's your opinion ?
Ralph <unk> : Okay , you really want to hear this ?
Yeah . Okay .
My view is that <unk> is involved , but the engine is not Israel .
The engine behind this is the cyber superpower .
That 's one , and that 's the United States , fortunately , fortunately .
Because in other ways , our problems would be even bigger .
CA : Thank you for <unk> . Thank you , Ralph .
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give <unk> abilities , or another one to make users of wheelchair them up and get up .
In `` <unk> <unk> , '' we call these robots , exoskeletons .
It 's nothing different from something that gets in the morning , gives you a big force , which also increases its speed , and help it , for example , to handle the balance .
It actually is the true integration of man and the machine .
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connected it to the universe and other foreign beings .
This is not an unreal idea .
So to show you now what we 're working on , we started talking about the American soldier who , on average , has to carry on your back a $ 150 load , and you 're going to get involved with even more team .
Obviously , this leads to some important complications -- lesions in the back , 30 percent of the soldiers -- chronic damage damage .
We decided to look at this challenge and create a exoskeleton that could help handle the issue .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> .
Soldier : With the <unk> exoskeleton , I can carry 90 pounds for variables over many hours .
Their flexible design , allows you to get a lot to crawl , and to run movements with great agility .
I want to do what I want to do , or where I want to go , and then increases my strength and my resistance .
<unk> <unk> : We 're ready , with our industrial partner , to produce this device , this new exoskeleton , this year .
I mean , it 's a reality .
Let 's go back now to the users of the wheelchair , about what I feel particularly passionate about .
There are 68 million people about , in chairs , all over the world .
Like one percent of the total population .
And this is a really conservative calculation .
We talk about something that happens often , very young people , as damage as they start their life -- 20 , 30 or 40 years old -- collide with a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice .
We 're also talking about the population that 's aging , which is very quickly .
Her only choice , many times -- for a brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair .
And this has been in the last 500 years , from its successful emergence , as I have to recognize .
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility .
Let me introduce you to the <unk> that 's using Amanda <unk> who 's 19 years ago , had a spinal cord injury , and as a result , it could n't go back for 19 years , so far .
Amanda <unk> : Thank you .
EB : Amanda is using our <unk> , which was mentioned .
It has some sensors .
<unk> on crutches that send the computer signals on board , here on the back .
There are also some batteries that give the power of the motors on the hips , and on the knees , and make it advance with this soft and very natural , very natural gait .
AB : I was 24 years old at the top of my life when , by a strange jump in the air , skiing around it was paralyzed .
In a fraction of a second , I lost all feeling and all the motion of the pelvis down .
Soon , a doctor entered my room in the hospital , and he said , `` Amanda , you never get you back to walk . ''
That was 19 years ago .
So I stole to the last hint of my self .
The adaptation technology since then , has allowed me to learn how to operate it costs on <unk> , climbing up rocks and even riding on a hand .
But they have n't invented anything that allowed me to walk , so far .
Thank you .
EB : As you can see , we have the technology , we have the platforms to sit and talk to you .
It 's in our hands , and we have all the potential here to change our future generations -- not just soldiers , but Amanda , and every single wheelchair users , all of them .
AB : Thank you .
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival .
It 's a place where women have the baton , practice sex to say hello , and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious .
And no , it 's not the <unk> festival or San Francisco .
Ladies and gentlemen , meet their cousins .
This is the world of the wild bonobos in the jungles of Congo .
The bonobos are , along with chimpanzees , their closest living relatives .
That means that we all share a common ancestor , an evolutionary grandmother , that lived about six million years ago .
Now , chimpanzees are known for their aggression .
But unfortunately , we 've done too much emphasis on this aspect in our narratives of human evolution .
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin .
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large , terrifying types , the Bonobo is Bonobo in charge of females with power .
These guys have created something special , because this leads to a very tolerant society where killer violence has not been observed .
But unfortunately , the bonobos are the least <unk> of the great apes .
They live in the depths of the <unk> forest , and it 's been very difficult to study them .
Congo is a paradox -- an extraordinary biodiversity and beauty , but also the heart of the <unk> itself -- scenario of a violent conflict that has been extended for decades and caused almost as many deaths as World War I .
It 's no wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo .
The hunting meat and deforestation trade can not be filling out a stadium with the bonobos that are in the world -- and honestly , we 're not sure of it .
However , in this land of violence and chaos , you can hear the laughter hidden in the trees .
Who are these cousins ?
We know them like the apes , `` make love , not war , '' because they have frequent sex , <unk> and bisexual to handle conflict and solving social problems .
I 'm not saying this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of the Bonobo is more than the <unk> <unk> .
In the bonobos , like humans , they love to play throughout their lifetime .
Play is not just a game of children .
For us and for them , it 's critical to establish ties and encourage tolerance .
You learn to trust , and we learn the rules of play .
The game increases creativity and resilience and has to do with generation of diversity -- diversity of interactions , behaviors of connections , diversity diversity .
And when you look at play Bonobos , you see the evolutionary roots themselves , the dance and the human ritual .
The game is the glue that binds us .
I do n't know how you 're playing , but I want to show you a couple of unique videos in the wild .
First , it 's a Bonobo game play , and I do n't talk about soccer .
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution .
Look at what she 's doing .
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase : `` It has <unk> from the balls . ''
I just think that in this case , he loves it , right ?
Yeah .
So sexual play is common in Bonobos as well as in humans .
And this video really is interesting , because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements into play -- like the <unk> and also how the game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it 's more fun .
But play is <unk> .
So the game is <unk> , you can adopt a lot of ways , some of which are as high , imaginative , curious -- maybe the place where the wonder is .
And I want you to see -- this is <unk> , a young female , who 's playing with water without having water hanging out .
I think , like , sometimes we play alone , and we explore the boundaries of our inner and outside worlds .
And it 's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore , to interact , and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real <unk> of creativity .
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us from our past and present .
But they also have a secret for our future , a future in which we have to adapt to a more and more difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation .
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities .
In other words , the game is our <unk> of adaptation .
In order to adapt to a world that changes we have to play .
But do we get the most of our game capacity ?
The game is not frivolous .
The game is essential .
For bonobos and humans , it 's not just cruel and ruthless .
When it looks like the least appropriate to play , they can be the moments in which the most compelling is .
So , fellow primates , we accept this gift of evolution and play together as you get creativity , friendship and wonder .
Thank you .
In New York , I 'm responsible for a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood .
When I 'm not fighting poverty , <unk> as a captain of a captain in a volunteer fire body .
And in our city , where volunteers allies of a highly trained staff has to get to the fire site very soon to get into action .
I remember my first fire .
I was the second volunteer on the site , so I had a pretty high probability of going .
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain in charge and figure out what our task was .
When I found the captain , he was <unk> in a conversation with the owner that surely went through one of the worst days of his life .
We were at the night , she was standing outside in the rain , under an umbrella , in my pajamas and barefoot , as his house was on fire .
The other volunteer he had just arrived before me , <unk> <unk> <unk> came first to the captain , and he asked him to go back and save the dog owner .
The dog ! I was <unk> jealous .
There was a lawyer or a <unk> of money that , for the rest of his life , I would have to tell people that I walked into a burning building to save a live living , just because it won for five seconds .
Well , I was the following .
The captain made me a <unk> .
He said , `` Bezos , I need to be at home .
I need to go up , <unk> the fire , and bring this woman a pair of shoes . ''
I swear .
It was n't exactly what I expected , but I went -- I went on the stairs , at the end of the hall , I went to the <unk> firefighters ' than that kind of height they had finished getting off the fire , and I walked into the main room for a pair of shoes .
I know what you 're thinking , but I 'm not a hero .
I took my payload back through the ladder , where I met my <unk> and the precious dog in the front door .
We got out of the house the treasures for the home owner of the house , as I was waiting , his treasure received much more attention than my own .
A few weeks later , the department received a letter from the <unk> owner of the courageous effort to save his house .
The kindness that she looked at about what else was was somebody had reached a pair of shoes .
And so much in my calling on Robin Hood , as in my calling as a voluntary fireman , I 'm witnessed with acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale , but also of grace and courage and courage .
And you know what I 've learned ?
Everything has its importance .
So , when I look in this room with people who have achieved , or are to achieve , remarkable levels of success , I 'd like to remind you , do n't wait .
Do n't wait for the first million to make a difference in someone 's life .
If you have something to give , you 're going to go back now .
You 've got food in a dining room , <unk> a neighborhood park .
They 're mentors .
Not every day we 're going to have the opportunity to save someone 's life , but every day we 're going to be able to influence someone 's life .
So I trained the game ; I 'm going to play the shoes .
Thank you .
Bruno Giussani : Mark , Mark , comes back .
Mark Bezos : Thank you .
This may seem strange , but I 'm a big fan of the concrete block .
The first concrete blocks was built in 1868 with a very simple idea : cement modules of a fixed measure that fits each other .
Very quickly , these became the most used construction unit in the world .
They have allowed us to build bigger things than us , like buildings or bridges , a brick at the time .
Essentially , these blocks have become the pillars of our time .
Almost a hundred years later , in 1947 , spontaneously came up with this .
He was called the machine assembly .
And in a few years , the LEGO bricks arrived in all the homes .
It 's estimated that they 've been produced more than 400 billion or 75 building per person on the planet .
You do n't have to be an engineer to build beautiful bridges , buildings or houses .
LEGO made it accessible .
LEGO simply adopted the concrete block , the favorite in the world , and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination .
Meanwhile , exactly that same year , in the Bell labs , the next revolution was about to <unk> : the new building block .
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of bricks , piled upon each other to a world where everything was interactive .
Just like the concrete block , the transistor allows to create much bigger circuits , more complex , a brick at the time .
But there 's a main difference : The transistor was just for experts .
I personally do n't accept that , that the building blocks of our time are reserved for experts , so I decided to change it .
Eight years ago , when I was at the Media Lab , I began to explore the idea of bringing the power of engineers into the hands of artists and designers .
A few years ago , I started developing <unk> .
I 'm going to show you how they work .
<unk> are electronics each with a specific function .
They 're <unk> to be light , sound , motors and sensors .
And the best of all is that they connect through magnets .
So they ca n't put them in wrong .
The bricks have a color code .
The green is the way , the blue is the current , the rose is the input and the orange one is wire .
So you only have to assemble a blue one with one green , and very quickly , you can start to make bigger circuits .
A blue one with a green one makes light .
We can put a button in the middle , and we have an regulator .
If we change the button for a pulse pulse , which is here , and we now have a light on it .
We added this doorbell to create more impact , and we have a noise machine .
I 'm going to stop this .
So beyond the simple game , they 're really powerful .
Instead of having to program , connect and weld , it allows us to program you using very simple intuitive gestures .
To make you smaller or slower , it 's just turning this button that makes your pulse rate faster or slower .
The idea behind it is that it 's a growing collection .
We want all the interactions in the world to get into bricks to use .
So lights , solar panels , solar panels -- everything must be accessible .
We have given the kids to see them to play with them .
And it 's been an incredible experience .
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics in every day that you do n't learn in schools .
For example , how does a light work at night , or why the door of an lift is held open , or how an iPod responds to touch .
We 've also led to design schools .
So , for example , designers have no longer start to play with <unk> as a material .
Here you can see , with bottles of paper and felt , we have <unk> creating ...
So a few weeks ago , we took the designers at the Rhode Island School of Design , who have no experience in engineering , just in cardboard , wood and paper , and we said , do something .
Here 's an example of a project that has been done , an <unk> cannon canyon .
But wait , here 's my favorite project .
It 's a made out of Play-Doh that 's afraid of darkness .
For these did n't engineers , <unk> became another material , electronics became another material .
And we want this material to reach all of us .
So , we 've got an open source .
You can visit the website , download all the files of design and <unk> .
We want to encourage a world of creators , inventors and collaborators , because this world we live in , this interactive world , is ours .
So go ahead and invent .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries .
I work in the solar technology industry .
And my small company is seeking to engage with the environment .
<unk> collaboration .
This is a little video of what we do .
Hmm . Wait a moment .
You can take a little bit to carry .
We can -- we can continue to leave the video on one side .
No .
This is not ...
All right .
The solar technology is ...
Oh , I know the time ?
All right . Thank you very much .
A couple of years ago , I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work on an environment that is almost everything they 're supposed to do ; we asked them to work in government .
The initiative was called <unk> for America and would be like a <unk> <unk> for the geeks .
We took some members every year and we put them to work with municipalities .
Instead of sending them to the Third World world in the wild .
They made big applications ; they worked with the municipal employees .
Your task is to show the possibilities of current technology .
Bring it to you .
It 's a fire hydrant in Boston .
Here 's as if I came up with a quote , but what he really looks for is someone to clean it up when it 's stuck through snow , because he knows that it 's not very good by putting fires when it 's covered for a meter of snow .
How did it get to ask this particular way ?
Last year in Boston , we had a team of <unk> members for America .
They were there in February , and at that time it 's very much last year .
They realized that the city has never wiped these fire fire fire .
But one of the members called Erik <unk> noticed something else : that the citizens were wandering around right sidewalks right in front of them .
So he did like any good programmer , I developed an app .
It 's a nice application that you can adopt a fire hydrant .
You accept to clean when it connects .
When you do it , you put a name on it , in this case he put it in .
If you do n't do it , somebody can get them .
So it has a playful component .
It 's a modest application .
Maybe the smallest of the 21 applications last year .
But something else in the government is done .
It spreads viral .
A responsible for the city of the city of Honolulu to see this app realized that it could use it , not for snow , but for the citizens to embrace their tsunami <unk> .
It 's very important that they work out of these Sirens from tsunami , but people are stealing the batteries .
So it tells the citizens to control them .
And then Seattle decided to use it to make the citizens planted the blindfolded .
And Chicago 's just throwing it out to make people hold to clean sidewalks when it connects .
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it .
And this has been spreading without friction , naturally and natural .
If you know a little bit of government technology , you 'll know that this does n't normally happen .
The acquisition of software generally takes a couple of years .
Last year in Boston , we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months .
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children .
Then we were told that the normal channels would have taken at least two and two million dollars .
And that 's nothing .
Now , there 's a project in the justice power of California , which is the time , and 2,000 million dollars , and it does n't work .
And there are projects like this in every level of governance .
So an app that shows in a couple of days and spreads into viral form is kind of a warning shot to the institution of government .
It suggests the best government of working , not like in private companies , as many people think it should be .
Not as a technology company , but rather as the Internet itself .
I mean , without restrictions in an open and generative form .
And that 's important .
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way of dealing with the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an institution , but as a collective action problem .
And that 's really good because it turns out that we are very good at collective action with digital technology .
And there 's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy .
And it 's not just <unk> for America , but there are hundreds of people around the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities .
They have not given up with the government .
They feel a lot of frustration with it , but they do n't complain , they fix it .
And these people know something that we 've lost from sight .
And that is , if we leave the feelings about politics , the line in the <unk> -- and all those other things that lead us crazy , the government is essentially in the words of Tim <unk> : `` What we do together , because we ca n't . ''
Now , a lot of people have abandoned the government .
If you 're one of those people , I would ask you to do it , because things are changing .
Politics does n't change ; the government itself .
And because the government ultimately made out of us -- remember that from `` We , the people , '' the way to think about it will affect the way that change .
I did n't know a lot of government when I started with this .
And as a lot of people thought the government was to choose people to take some charges .
Well , after two years I 've come to the conclusion that the government is , especially , about <unk> .
This is the telephone attention center of services and information .
It 's the place that the calls are running if you mark on the United States .
Scott answered this call .
He checked into the official knowledge base .
I found nothing . It started with animal control .
And finally he said , `` Hey , can you open the gates of the house , put music good and see if it 's going ? ''
And it worked . So for Scott .
But that was n't the end of the <unk> .
Boston does n't have a call center .
It has an app and web and mobile phone called <unk> .
I do n't get that app .
It was the work of very smart people from the Office of New <unk> <unk> .
One day , this actually happened , comes this request : `` <unk> in my garbage garbage . I do n't know if it 's dead .
How do I do to leave you ? ''
The <unk> dynamics is different .
Scott was talking to the person .
<unk> <unk> , so you can all see this .
In this case , he saw it .
The next report said , `` I went to the place , I found the garbage cube behind the house .
<unk> ? Yeah . <unk> ? Yes .
I gave the cube back . I went home .
Good evening , <unk> <unk> .
Quite simple .
This is great . It 's the confluence of digital and the physical .
And it 's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration .
But it 's also a great example of government as a platform .
And here I do n't necessarily mean the definition of a platform .
I 'm talking about a platform for people to join and help others .
So , a citizen helped another one , but here the government had a key role .
It connected to the two people .
And it could be connected with government services , but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services .
When one neighbor helps another , let 's get into the communities .
If we call out animal control , that costs a lot of money .
One important thing we need to think about government is that it 's not the same as politics .
A lot of people understand it , but they think one is the input from the other .
That our entry into the government system is the vote .
How many times have they chosen a political leader ? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader , and then we hope the government reflects our values and unveil our needs , but then we do n't see changes .
That 's because government is like a huge ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches .
Underneath it is what we call bureaucracy .
And we say that word with a lot of contempt .
But it 's that contempt what that keeps us that belongs to us that we 're going to finance as something that operates in our against , that other thing , and so we are losing power .
People think politics is sensual .
If we want this institution to work , we will have to make the bureaucracy be sexy .
Because that 's where the real work of governance occurs .
We have to collaborate with the machinery of government .
That 's the <unk> movement .
Have you seen them ?
It 's a group of citizens worried that they 've written a very detailed <unk> report on response to the order of <unk> .
That 's not political activism , it 's bureaucratic activism .
And for the ones that we have resigned in to the government , it 's time to ask us what world we want to leave our children .
You have to see the huge challenges that they will have to face .
Do you really believe that we get to where we have to go without solve the institution that can act on behalf of everybody ?
We ca n't stop government , we need to be more effective .
The good news is that with technology is possible to reframe the government function in the way that can expand to civil society .
There 's a generation that grew up with the Internet , and it knows that it 's not so hard to act , you only have to articulate systems in the right way .
The average age of our members is 28 years , so I , reluctantly , I 'm a larger generation than many of them .
This is a generation that has grown up by taking the word and giving that almost for granted .
They 're not giving that battle that we all face about who 's going to talk about ; they 're all going to talk .
They can express their opinions on any channel at the same time and they do it .
So when the government 's problem face , they do n't really care about how to hear their voices .
They 're using their hands .
They set out the work to program an app that will make the government work better .
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities .
It can be cleaning a fire hydrant , take out weeds and dumping a garbage that has a <unk> inside .
Of course , we could always have cleaned those fire hydrants and a lot of people doing it .
But these applications are like a digital reminder that we 're not only consumers , we are not only consumers of government that we pay taxes and get services .
We are more than that : we are citizens .
And we 're not going to fix the government until they do n't have citizenship .
So I want to ask everybody here , when it comes to the important things we have to do together , all together , will be a crowd of voices , or will we be a crowd of hands ?
Thank you .
This is to me a real honor .
I 've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the death row .
I 've spent most of my life in marginalized communities , in projects and places where there 's a lot of despair .
And I 'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy .
One of the things I noticed in this short time is that TED has identity .
And the things that are telling you here have impact around the world .
Sometimes , if something comes from TED , it makes sense and a force that would n't have otherwise .
I say this because I think identity is important .
Here we 've seen fantastic presentations .
And I think we 've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense , but if you teach yourself with feeling , you can have a special meaning .
A doctor can do good things , if it 's <unk> , it can do much more .
So I want to talk about the power of identity .
I did n't really learn this in the practice of the right , my job .
I learned my grandmother from my grandmother .
I grew up in a traditional African-American family dominated by a matriarch , who was my grandmother .
It was hard , it was strong , it had power .
It was the last word in the family discussion .
She started many of the <unk> in our home .
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves .
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia over the 1840 .
She was born in the 1880s , and his experience with slavery , the way the world looked like .
She was hard , but she was also loving .
When I was a little girl and I looked at it , she was approaching me and gave me a good hug .
I was so hard that I could barely breathe and then I would fall away .
One or two hours later , I went back to her look at her , and he was like , `` <unk> , you still feel my hug ? ''
And if he said no , I 'm taken again , and if I told him I did , I was leaving for peace .
He had this human quality that would always wish you to be near it .
The only problem is that it had 10 children .
My mother was the lowest of 10 .
Sometimes when I was going to spend a time with her , it was n't easy to capture his time and his attention .
My cousins were running around .
I remember when I was eight nine years old , I woke up one morning , I went to the room , and they were running all my cousins .
My grandmother was the other side of the room and looked at me .
At first I thought it was a game .
And then he looked at her and smiles , but she was very serious .
After 15 minutes , she got up , went through the room , went through the room , and he said , `` Come on <unk> . We 're going to talk . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday .
I 'll never forget it .
It took me outside , and he said , `` <unk> , I 'll tell you something , but you ca n't tell anyone . ''
I said , `` Okay , Mama . ''
She said , `` Now you 're not going to do it . '' I said , `` Sure . ''
And then I sat down , looked at me and said , `` I want you to know that I 've been watching you . ''
And he said , `` I think you 're special . ''
He said , `` I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I 'll never forget it .
Then he said to me , `` I just want you to get three things , <unk> . ''
I said , `` Sure , Mama . ''
And he said , `` The first thing I want to tell you is that we always want your mother . ''
<unk> : `` She 's my <unk> , and you 've got to pretend that always <unk> . ''
As I loved my mom , I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
Then he said to me , `` The second thing I want to show you is you will always do the right thing even though the right thing is hard . ''
I thought , `` Yes , Mama . So I 'll do it . ''
Then , finally he said , `` The third thing I want to show you is that I never <unk> alcohol . ''
I was nine years old , and I said , `` Yes , Mama , I 'll do it . ''
I grew up in the field , in rural south . I have a older brother and a sister a year younger .
When I was 14 15 , one day my brother came home with a <unk> package , I do n't know where he pulled it out , grabbed my sister and me and went to the forest .
We just get the crazy crazy ones .
He took a sip of beer , offered my sister , took a little bit and offered me to me .
I said , `` No , no , no . You follow , but I 'm not going to make beer . ''
My brother said , `` Come on . Today . '' And you always do the same thing as we do .
I took something , your sister too . Take a beer . ''
I said , `` No . I would n't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me at me .
And he said , `` What happens ? Take a beer . ''
He landed on the strength and he went , `` Oh , it 's not that you 're still thinking about the conversation with Mama . ''
I said , `` But what are you talking about ? ''
He said , `` Mama tells everyone who are special . ''
I was broken .
I have to admit something to you .
I 'll tell you something that probably should n't say .
I know this is widely spreading .
But I 'm 52 years old , and I can admit that I 've never taken a drop of alcohol .
I do n't say this as a virtue of virtue ; I say it 's the power of identity .
When we create the right kind of identity , we say things to others who really do n't make sense of it .
We ca n't get to do things that you do n't believe do .
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all his grandchildren were special .
My grandfather had been prison during the ban .
My uncles died of <unk> diseases .
And these were the things that , according to her , we had to engage it .
Now , try to talk about our criminal justice system .
This country is very different from what it was 40 years ago .
In 1972 , there were 300,000 prisoners .
Today there 's 2.3 million .
We have the largest incarceration rate in the world .
We have seven million people in probation .
And this mass incarceration , in my opinion , has fundamentally changed our world .
In poor and black communities , it 's so much <unk> , so much despair , determined by these facts .
One of three black people between 18 and 30 is in prison or <unk> .
In urban planners across the country , Los Angeles , Philadelphia , Baltimore , Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in prison or <unk> .
Our system is not just distorted in front of race , too is about poverty .
In this country , we have a judicial system that 's much better if you 're rich and guilty , if you 're poor and innocent .
It 's not guilt , but it 's wealth .
And it seems to be very quiet .
The politics of fear and anger make us believe that these are not problems of ours .
We are disconnected .
It seems interesting to me .
We 're looking at our work some pretty curious developments .
In my state , in Alabama , as well as in other states , they would have been able to tell you if you have a criminal sentence .
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to vote .
And if we projected it to the next 10 years , the level of rights loss will be as high as it was before the law of the law is passing .
We have this amazing silence .
I represent kids .
Many of my clients are very young .
America is the only country in the world where it was sentencing to 13 years to die in prison .
We have in this country prison for children , not a chance to get out .
We 're in the process of some litigation .
The only country in the world .
I play people in the death row .
This issue of death penalty is interesting .
In some sense , they have been wondering that the final question is , people deserve to die by <unk> <unk> ?
A very sensitive question .
But you can think about how we 're in our identity .
There 's another way to look at it : it 's not about deciding whether people deserve to die for <unk> crimes , but if we deserve to kill .
This is interesting .
The death penalty in the United States is defined by error .
In every nine people who are <unk> , it has identified that it 's innocent , which is <unk> and liberated from death row .
It 's an amazing thing , amazing , an innocent in nine .
This is interesting .
In aviation , it will never allow us to fly airplanes if every nine to take away , one would be from crashing away .
But somehow we get rid of the problem .
It 's not our problem .
It 's not our burden .
It 's not our fight .
I talk a lot about these things .
I 'm talking about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill .
It 's interesting that in my classes with students about African-American history , I 'm talking about slavery .
I 'm talking to you about terrorism , the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to the Second World War .
We do n't really know much about this .
But for black Americans in this country , it was a very sharp period of terror .
In many communities , people were afraid to be <unk> .
They were worried about being bombarded .
The terror threat was what they defined their lives .
There are now older people who come to me and say , `` Mr. Stevenson , you teach talks , you 're talking about the people who stop saying that in our history dealing with terrorism , after the <unk> . ''
They ask me to say , `` No . Say we grew up with it . ''
The age of terrorism continued , obviously , with segregation and decades of Race and of separation .
In this country , we have a dynamic that we do n't like to talk about our problems .
We do n't like to talk about our story .
And that 's why we have n't understood what we 've historically done .
All of the time we got together with each other .
We constantly create tensions and conflict .
It costs us to talk about races . I think it 's because we 're not willing to engage it with a process of truth and reconciliation .
In South Africa , people understood that they could n't overcome race segregation without a commitment to the truth and reconciliation .
In Rwanda , even before the genocide had this commitment , but in this country we have n't done it .
I was in Germany giving lectures about death row .
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said , `` You know it 's good worrying to hear what you say . ''
<unk> : `` We do n't have death row in Germany .
We 're never going to be able to have it here . ''
The room was silent and a lady said , `` There 's no way in our history , we can never get into systematic death of human beings .
It would be irrational that we , intentional and deliberately , we started to execute people . ''
<unk> about this .
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany , do n't let people , especially if they were mostly Jewish ?
We could n't tolerate that .
It would be irrational .
And yet , there is this disconnect .
I think our identity is in danger .
If you do n't really care about these things so hard , the positive and wonderful things are , however , involved involved .
We love innovation .
We 're fascinated by technology . Let 's get creativity .
We love entertainment .
But lately , those realities are dominated by suffering , abuse , degradation , <unk> .
In my view , you need to integrate both of these things .
We talk about the need to have more hope , more commitment , more dedication to the basic challenges of the life of this complex world .
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor , the ones that never get to TED .
And thinking about them is , in a way , something that is inside our self .
It 's true that we have to believe in issues that we have n't seen .
So we are , despite being so rational , so committed to intellectual .
With innovation , with creativity , development is not just about brain ideas .
These things come from debilitating ideas as well by convictions .
This connection of mind with the heart is what drives us to look not just in the brilliant and dazzling , but also in the dark and the hard .
<unk> <unk> , the great <unk> leader , talking about this .
He said , `` When we were in East Europe , suffering , we looked at all kinds of things , but mainly what we needed was hope , orientation for the spirit , a will to be on places of despair and witness . ''
Well , that orientation for the spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think , that still in communities as TED , has been involved .
There is no related disconnect to technology and design , which allowed us to become truly human if we do n't pay attention to poverty , exclusion , inequality , by injustice .
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity that if we are these things .
So we go back to them .
I had the great privilege , being a very young lawyer , to meet Parks Parks .
These women were all together together to talk .
Occasionally , the <unk> lady called me , to tell me , `` <unk> , I 'm going to come together and speak .
Do you want to come and listen ? ''
I 'd say , `` Yes , ma'am . I know . ''
So she said , `` Well , what are you going to do when you came ? ''
I 'd answer the question : `` <unk> . ''
So I was going and I just heard it .
It was very <unk> , very <unk> .
And at one occasion , he was there , listening to these ladies , and after a couple of hours , Ms. Parks went to me and said , `` Now , <unk> , tell me that it 's that idea of equal justice .
Tell me what you 're trying to do . ''
And I started to give my speech .
I said , `` Well , we 're trying to question injustice .
We try to help those who have been convicted unfairly .
We try to confront the biases and discrimination in the criminal justice administration .
We try to end up with the life sentences , without parole for the children .
We try to do something about death penalty .
We try to reduce the population in the prisons .
We 're trying to end up with massive self-exploration . ''
And I gave him all my best speech , and at the end of the end , he looked at me and said , `` Go um ... ''
And he said , `` <unk> <unk> , very exhausted . ''
At the time , Ms. <unk> , he put his finger on the face and said , `` That 's why you have to be very , very brave . ''
I think actually , the TED community has to be much more <unk> .
We need to figure out how to face those challenges , those problems , that suffering .
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others .
I 've learned some very simple things in my work .
I 've been educated in simple things .
I 've come to understand and to believe that each of us is higher to the worst that we 've ever made .
I think that 's true for everybody on the planet .
I 'm convinced that if someone says a lie , it 's not because it 's a liar .
I 'm sure if somebody takes something that does n't belong , it 's not a burglar .
Even if somebody kills another , it 's not a murderer .
So I think there 's a basic dignity in people who must be blamed for the law .
I also believe that in many parts of this country , and certainly , in many parts of the world , the opposite of poverty is not wealth .
That 's not .
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice .
And finally , I think that it 's very dramatic , very beautiful , very <unk> , very <unk> , we do n't judge ourselves by our technology , by our designs , not for our intellectual ability or rational .
At the end of the end , the character of a society , not by the way they treat rich , powerful and privileged , but by how poor people treat , people , prisoners .
Because it 's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are .
I 'm broken at times . I 'm going to end with a story .
Sometimes I do too much force .
<unk> tired , like everyone .
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my women in a major way .
I 've been representing these guys who have been convicted of a lot of hardness .
I 'm going to jail and I see my friends from 13 and 14 , who have been <unk> to be told as adults as adults .
And I start thinking , how can it be ?
How can a judge make someone who 's not ?
The judge as an adult , but I see a child .
One night later I was awake thinking -- `` Oh my God , if the judge can turn you into something you 're not , it must have magic powers .
Yes , <unk> , the judge has magical powers .
You should order something about that .
As I was late , I could n't think right , but I started working on a <unk> .
I had a 14 year-old client , a small , poor man .
I started working on the <unk> , with a <unk> that said , `` Let my 14 year-old client be treated as a white privilege of 75 , executive of a corporation . ''
In the <unk> , I found that there 'd been literary behavior in the accusation , in the behavior of the police and in the process .
There was a bold line about how in this country there is no ethical , but a whole lack of ethics .
The next morning , I woke up thinking that <unk> would be a dream , or really I wrote it ?
For my horror , it was not just <unk> , but he had sent it to the court .
It took about two months , I had already forgotten .
And I finally decided -- Oh my God , I have to go to court for this stupid case .
I got into the car and I felt really overwhelmed , overwhelmed .
I went in the car to court .
I thought this would be very difficult and pathetic .
I finally got off the car . I walked to the courthouse .
I was going up the stairs when I came up with a older black man ; it was a courthouse superintendent .
When he saw me , he came up to me and said , `` Who is you ? ''
I said , `` I 'm a lawyer . '' He said , `` You 're lawyer ? '' I said yes .
So I approached it and she hugged me .
And I whispered into the ear .
He said , `` I 'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was <unk> .
That got deeply connected with my interior , with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope .
Well , I went into the audience room .
When the judge went into me , the judge saw me .
And he said , `` Mr. Stevenson , you wrote this audacity to <unk> ? ''
I said , `` I know Mr. left me . '' And we started discussing .
People began to get there . They were all upset .
I was the one that had written those crazy things .
They got the police fiscal police , auxiliary fiscal police .
Suddenly , without knowing how , the room was full of people , they were furious , because we talked about races , because we talked about poverty , because we 're talking about inequality .
With the corner of the eye , I was able to see somebody who was going and came .
You look out the window and you 'll hear it all that <unk> .
I kept walking over here and there .
Finally , this old black guy , with a face of concern , came into the room and sat behind me , almost at the table of lawyers .
About 10 minutes later , the judge picks up a break .
And during the break , he was upset because he had entered in the room .
The assistant ran over the old black .
And he said , `` Jimmy , what do you do in the audience room ? ''
And the old black stood stood up , looked at the assistant , and he looked at me and said , `` I went into this room of audiences to tell this young man who would keep her sight into the objective of <unk> . ''
I 've come to TED today because I think many of you understand that the moral bow of the universe is very big , but it folds into justice .
That we can not really be human beings unless we do n't care about human rights and for dignity .
That our survival is linked to each other .
That our visions of technology , design , entertainment and creativity must treat me to brotherhood , compassion and justice .
And above all , those of you here who share this , I just want to tell you that keep your view in <unk> .
Thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : You just heard and see an obvious desire for the audience , of this community , to help in your purposes of doing something .
Something that 's not a check . What can we do ?
BS : There are several opportunities close .
If you live in the state of California , for example , there will be a <unk> that 's the spring in which you 're going to be able to make a handle on the world 's funds today .
For example , here in California , here 's a billion dollars on death row , in the next five years , a billion dollars .
And despite this , 46 percent of the murder cases in murder are not <unk> in arrests .
<unk> percent of rapes do n't get anything .
Here 's a chance of change .
This <unk> is going to propose that we were going to get rid of these funds , to make the law , to security .
I think there 's a very close opportunity .
CA : There 's been a huge decline in crime in the United States , in the last three decades .
Part of the explanation is that it has to do with the largest <unk> rate .
What would you say to those who believe it is ?
BS : Actually , the crime rate with violence has remained relatively stable .
The big growth in mass <unk> in this country is not for crimes crimes .
It 's because of the wrong war against drugs .
That 's why it emerges this dramatic increase in the <unk> population .
And we let us convince the rhetoric of punishment .
We have three legal causes to bring people to life life -- by stealing a bicycle , by small crimes against property , instead of getting those resources to their victims .
I think we need to do more to help the victims of the <unk> and not less .
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does n't do anything about anyone .
I think that 's the orientation that has to change .
CA : <unk> , you 've very excited today .
You 're very inspiring .
Thank you very much for having come to TED . Thank you .
<unk> : They grow the threats for death bin Laden .
Narrator : <unk> in Somalia . Announcer : The police throw O.C .
<unk> 4 : <unk> <unk> . <unk> <unk> .
<unk> 6 : Social <unk> . <unk> 7 : 65 dead .
<unk> 8 : <unk> of tsunami . <unk> 9 : <unk> .
Several <unk> : <unk> , mass destruction , <unk> .
Recession . <unk> . <unk> . Egypt . Syria .
Crisis . Death . <unk> .
Oh , my God !
Peter Diamandis : These are just some of the clips I got in the last six months . <unk> could be the last six days or the last six years .
The idea is that the media prefer <unk> news news , because our minds pay attention to them .
And that responds to a very good reason .
In every second of every day , our senses are getting more data than the brain probably can process .
And like nothing cares about , the first stop in all of that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called the amygdala .
The amygdala is our early warning detector , the danger detector .
<unk> and recorded all the information for something in the environment that could hurt us .
So , by that from a <unk> of stories , they 're looking at the negative .
That old woman saying , `` If there 's blood , sell , '' it 's very true .
And because all digital devices give us negative news , the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day , no wonder that we are pessimistic .
It 's not surprising that people think the world goes from evil in worse .
But maybe it 's not .
Perhaps , instead , what happens is that we get <unk> .
Perhaps the enormous progress made in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance over the next three decades .
I 'm not saying that we do n't have any good problem : climate change , the scarcity of species , the scarcity of water and energy ; we certainly have them .
As humans , we 're very good at <unk> problems , and , in the long , we just ran with them .
Let 's take a look at the last century to see where we go .
In the last hundred years , the average of life has more than doubled , the average income per capita adjusted for inflation has tripled .
Child mortality has reduced 10 times .
In addition , the cost of food , electricity , transportation and communications , has fallen 10 to 1,000 times .
Steve Pinker showed us that we are living the most peaceful time of human history .
And Charles Kenny the world 's literacy went from 25 to over 80 percent over the last 130 years .
We 're really living an extraordinary time .
A lot of people forget it .
And we keep making high expectations .
In fact , we redefined the meaning of poverty .
Think about it today in America today , much of the people who live under poverty have electricity , water , toilets , refrigerators , TV , mobile , air conditioning and cars .
The rubber <unk> of the last century , the <unk> on the planet , would never have dreamed of such luxuries .
It 's a lot of technology , and lately , its exponential growth .
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that <unk> the information technology of information jumps on this curve , Moore 's Law , and doubling the price performance on about 12 to 24 months .
So the mobile phone that you have in your pocket is a million times cheaper than a supercomputer from the '70s .
Now look at this curve .
It 's Moore 's Law for the last hundred years .
I want you to watch two things on this curve .
First , the soft thing that is -- in good and bad times in war and peace , in recession , in depression and booming .
It 's the fast computers used to build faster computers .
It stops against any of the great challenges .
And although it 's <unk> in one law on the left , it goes upward .
The growth rate of technology is actually faster and faster .
And on this curve , to <unk> Moore 's Law , there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today .
The computer in the cloud , which my friends from Autodesk are calling infinite computing , sensors and networks , robotics , 3D printing and its ability to democratize personalized production , the synthetic biology , the fuels and the food , the digital medicine , the <unk> and the A.I . .
I mean , how many do you see the victory on `` `` Jeopardy '' `` `` Jeopardy , '' from IBM ?
It was epic .
I looked for the best headline in the newspapers .
And I loved this one : `` Watson <unk> humans . ''
`` Jeopardy . ''
It plays with the nuances of human language .
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud , available for everyone on the cell phone .
Four years ago , here at TED , Ray Kurzweil and I , we launched a new university called <unk> University .
We taught these technologies to our students , and in particular , how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity .
And every year we asked them to release a company , or a product or service , which can positively affect the lives of a billion people in a decade .
Think about that , the fact that a group of students today can impact a billion people .
Thirty years ago , that would be absurd .
Today we can point out a <unk> of companies that have already done .
When I think about creating abundance , it does n't mean to create fancy life for each of the planet ; it 's about creating a life of possible .
It 's about taking that , which is scarce and making it plentiful .
You see , scarcity is contextual , and technology is a force that releases resources .
Let me give you an example .
It 's a story of Napoleon III in the mid-19th 1800s .
He 's the guy on the left .
I invited dinner king of <unk> .
Napoleon <unk> ate with worse money , and the same Napoleon , covered with gold .
But the king of <unk> , ate with aluminum covered .
You see , aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet ; it was worth more than gold and platinum .
For that reason the tip of Washington Monument is aluminum .
You see , even though aluminum is the 8.3 percent of the Earth 's mass , it does n't come as pure metal .
It 's linked by oxygen and <unk> .
But then he got the <unk> and made of aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it were <unk> .
Let 's make this analogy towards the future .
Let 's think about power scarcity .
Ladies and gentlemen , we 're on a planet bathed for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year .
They get to Earth 16 <unk> energy in 88 minutes .
It 's not about scarcity , it 's about accessibility .
And there 's good news .
This year , for the first time , the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the generated spectrum of diesel : it turns on rupees versus 17 rupees .
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year .
Last month , MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade , in the <unk> parts of the United States , solar electricity will cost six cents a hour compared to the 15 cents in the national average .
And if we have abundance of energy , we also have plenty of water .
Let 's talk about the wars for water .
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the spacecraft Voyager into the Earth , 1990 , after happened Saturn ?
He brought up a famous picture . How was it called ?
`` A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a planet of water .
We live on a planet covered in 70 percent water .
Yes , <unk> percent is seawater , two percent of it is ice , and we fought by half percent of the water on the planet , but also here is hope .
It 's an available technology for 10 20 years , but right now .
It comes from nanotechnology , the <unk> .
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning , one of the innovators of <unk> -- I 'd like to share with you , they gave me permission to do this -- their technology called <unk> <unk> is already the size of a small refrigerator .
It 's able to generate a thousand liters of clean water to the day of any water source , polluted water , one of them at less than two cents a gallon .
The Coke president has just thought that I 'm going to do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world .
If that comes well , and I have full confidence in this way , and so I have full confidence in the world , and it 's going to implement it in <unk> countries on the planet .
This is an <unk> innovation for this technology today .
And we 've seen it in mobile phones .
My God , we 're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the end of 2013 .
Think about it , that <unk> warrior has better mobile communications communications than the Reagan president 25 years ago .
And , having a smartphone with Google , you have access to more knowledge and information that President Clinton 's 15 years ago .
He lives in an abundance world of information and communications that nobody could have predicted .
Better than that , the things that you and I have paid tens of thousands of dollars <unk> , on HD , images , images of books and music , diagnostic technology , <unk> now and lose market value with mobile phones .
Maybe it 's the best thing to get when the applications of the health show .
Last month , I had the pleasure to announce with the <unk> Foundation , which is called the X <unk> prize , from 10 million dollars .
We 're challenging the teams of the world to make these technologies into a mobile device that they 're talking about , and since it has A.I . , coughing , they can get a blood of the finger .
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team .
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors , where the load of morbidity is 25 percent and there 's 1.3 percent of the health workers .
When this device would take a <unk> of RNA or DNA that does n't recognize , I 'll call the Health agency , and first of all , avoiding the pandemic .
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance .
I call it the billion billion rise .
The white lines here are the population .
We just passed the brand from seven billion .
By the way , the best protection against population explosion is to give the world of education and health .
In 2010 , we had less than two billion people online , connected .
By 2020 , spending two billion to five billion Internet users .
Three billion minds have never heard that you add to the global conversation .
What do these people want ?
What wishes are you going to have ?
And instead of an economic collapse we will have the highest economic injection of history .
These people represent tens of billions of dollars in the global economy .
And more health care , thanks to the <unk> , a better education with the Khan Academy of Academy , and because of the use of 3D impressions and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before .
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity , healthier , productive and productive ?
What about some voices never heard ?
What if we give the oppressed , wherever we are , a voice to be heard and being heard for the first time ?
What do these three billion ?
What if you 're contributions we ca n't predict ?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small equipment , guided by his passion with a clear goal , can do extraordinary things -- things that were previously could only make great corporations and governments .
I 'm going to end up sharing a story that really got me excited .
There 's a program that probably some of you know .
It 's called <unk> .
<unk> at the University of Washington , in Seattle .
It 's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids , and figure out how to fold the protein .
The folds determine the structure and the functionality .
It 's very important in medical research .
And so far , it was a <unk> problem .
They played with this college teachers , among others .
Then hundreds of thousands of people came together and started to play it .
And it has been shown to be shown to today 's pattern recognition machinery is better proteins than the best computers .
Ladies and gentlemen , what gives me a huge confidence in the future is that today we have more power to take the great challenges of the planet .
We have the tools with this exponential technology .
We have the passion for the <unk> of the <unk> .
We have the capital of <unk> .
And we have three billion new minds that we 're going to be surprised to work on the solution of the big challenges and do what we should do .
We have for a few extraordinary decades .
Thank you .
I 'm going to talk about a very small idea .
The <unk> point .
And as the idea can be explained in a minute , I 'll give you three examples to make time .
The first story is about Charles Darwin , one of my heroes .
He was here , as you know , in 1835 .
He probably believed that he was hanging around , but it was n't .
They actually pick up fish .
And he described one of them as a very `` common . ''
It was grouper .
He caught it very much until the 1880s .
Now the fish is in the Red List in the IUCN .
But we heard this story many times , in Galapagos and other places , so that does n't have anything special .
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos .
We still think they 're <unk> .
The brochures still say they 're still intact .
So what happens here ?
The second story , it also illustrates another concept : the displacement of the waist .
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lagoon in West Africa .
I was there because I grew up in Europe , and I wanted to work in Africa .
I thought I could make it <unk> .
I burned a lot with the sun , and I was convinced that I was n't from there .
This is my first exhibition to the sun .
The lagoon was surrounded by palm trees , and as you can see , in some mangroves .
There were <unk> of about 20 centimeters , <unk> of black beard .
And the fishery of this tilapia was very abundant , and it was happening for a good moment , so it was made by the average in Ghana .
When I was there 27 years later , the number of fish had dropped to half .
He went to the five inches .
Let 's make a genetic pressure .
There were still fish .
In a way , they were still happy .
And the fish were still happy to be there .
So , nothing to change , but everything has changed .
My third story is that I was guilty in the introduction of the middle of Southeast Asia .
In the 1970s -- well , it started in <unk> Europe doing a lot of development projects .
The fishing development was imposing the countries that already had 100,000 fishermen , <unk> industrial fishing .
And this boat , pretty ugly , was called the <unk> 4 .
I went out to fish in it , and we did studies in the south of the China 's Sea <unk> and , above all , on the Java Sea .
What we captured there was something called <unk> .
<unk> , now , the bottom of the sea .
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges , other animals that are in the background .
And most of the fish are tiny , tiny spots on some remains , remains that are fish of coral reefs .
In short , the bottom of the sea came to the deck and then was <unk> .
These pictures are extraordinary because the transition is very fast .
In one year , you do a study and then start the commercial fishing .
The background is going to be a solid coral fund , in this case , to be a <unk> .
This is a dead turtle .
They did n't eat them . They read it because they were dead .
We once captured a living .
It was n't yet yet .
So they wanted to kill her because it was a good food .
This mountain of remains is what the fishermen are collected every time they 're never fish .
But it 's not documented .
We turn the world , but we do n't remember it .
It 's going to be the point of departure , at the new level , without remembering what was there .
If you 're going to look at this , something like this .
On the Y-axis , we have good things : biodiversity , number of killer whales , the <unk> of the country , the water supply .
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with naturally .
Each generation use to use the beginning of their conscious life as normal and extrapolate forward .
The difference is that they perceive loss .
But they do n't perceive the loss that happened before .
You can analyze the amount of changes .
And then we keep some miserable remains .
And that , largely , is what we want to do now .
We want to keep things not anymore , or not what they were .
But you should think that this problem affects people when societies are killing animals without knowing what they 've done until about generations later .
Because obviously , an animal that is very abundant , before they go extinct , it 's unusual .
You do n't lose the abundant animals .
You lose <unk> animals .
Even if this is not perceived as a huge loss .
Over time , we focus on big animals , and in an synonymous sea of big fish .
They become unlikely because we take them off .
We have a few fish , but we think that 's the point of departure .
And the question is , why do we accept this ?
Well , because we do n't know it was different .
In fact , a lot of people , scientists , <unk> that it was very different .
And they will because the evidence presented in a previous way is not the way they would expect to have the evidence .
So , for example , the anecdote that some of them are , like captain such , and maybe a lot of fish in this area ca n't be used or , usually they do n't use the scientists in fishing , because it 's not `` scientist . ''
So we have a situation where people do n't know the past , even though we lived in <unk> societies , because they do n't trust the sources of the past .
From there , the enormous role that can deliver a protected marine area .
Because with the marine protected areas , we really recreated the past .
We 're going to tell you the past that people can not conceive of because the starting point has run and it 's extremely low .
That 's for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that it provides , which allows them to erase their baseline .
And what about the people who ca n't do it because they do n't have access , like the Middle Eastern people , for example ?
I think there 's the arts and film maybe can fill the vacuum . The simulation .
This is a simulation of Chesapeake Bay .
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay ; 500 years ago .
And you may have noticed that the nuances and the <unk> are like `` Avatar . ''
And if you think about `` Avatar , '' if you think about why people were <unk> with the movie -- uninvited , I 'm going to talk about the history of <unk> , why do we engage with the images ?
Because it raises something that is , in a sense , has been lost .
So my suggestion , the only one I 'm going to give , is Cameron , to do `` Avatar II . ''
Thank you very much .
Hi . I 'm Kevin <unk> , the YouTube manager manager , and I look at YouTube videos in a professional way .
It 's true .
So today we 're going to see why the videos are made viral and what importance is .
We all want to be stars -- celebrities , singers , comedians , when I was younger , that seemed very , very difficult .
But today , the web video makes any of us , or our actions , copper notoriety in a part of our world 's culture .
Anybody can get famous on the Internet in a <unk> .
It goes up over 48 hours to YouTube a minute .
And , of those , just a small percentage percentage goes viral , they get lots and lots of views and wins cultural momentum .
How does that happen ?
Three things : <unk> , communities , communities of participation , <unk> communities .
Okay , let 's start .
<unk> <unk> : Oh my God , my God .
My God !
Wow .
<unk> , <unk> !
KA : Last year , <unk> <unk> published this shot outside of his house in Yosemite National Park .
In 2010 , it was seen 23 million times .
This graph shows the views on the popularity of last summer of last summer .
He was n't trying to make a viral video .
I just wanted to share a double rainbow .
That 's what you do if it 's called Yosemite Mountain <unk> .
I had already published a lot of videos of nature .
This video had been published in January .
So what happened here ?
It was Jimmy Kimmel .
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that <unk> the video to popularity .
<unk> as Jimmy Kimmel is present , new and interesting things and <unk> them to a broader audience .
Rebecca Black : It 's Friday . You 're all going to start on Friday . You 're all going to start on Friday . You 're all willing to get the weekend , the weekend . <unk> on Friday . KA : Not to think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video , I hope .
`` <unk> '' from Rebecca Black is one of the most popular videos of the year .
You saw it almost 200 million times this year .
This graph shows the frequency of use .
Like `` twice double '' -- this video seemed to have emerged from nowhere .
So what happened this day ?
Well , it was Friday , it 's true .
And if you ask those other peaks , it 's also Friday .
But what happened this day , this particular Friday ?
Well , I took it <unk> and many blogs started writing about it .
Michael J. Nelson , from <unk> Science Theater , was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter .
But what 's important is that a person or a group of <unk> takes a view of view and share it with a broader audience , accelerating the process .
So , this community of people who shares this great joke , and then he starts talking about it and doing things .
And now there are 10,000 <unk> <unk> on YouTube .
In the first seven days , there was a spoof for each other days .
Unlike the one-way entertainment point of the 20th century , this community participation is our way to be part of the <unk> phenomenon or doing something new .
`` <unk> <unk> '' is a loop animation with a chord music .
That 's what it is .
This year , about 50 million times .
And if you think that 's weird , you know that there 's a version of three hours that has been seen four million times .
Even the cats saw this video .
And there are cats who saw other cats to see the video .
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet Internet community .
There was <unk> .
Somebody made a version of the old .
And then he became international .
Suddenly , a whole community emerged , which made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all be part of .
Because today we do n't just enjoy , we participate .
Who could have predicted something like this ?
Who could have predicted `` twice double '' or Rebecca Black or `` <unk> Cat '' ?
What script could you have written to do ?
In a world where you climb two days of video per minute , just that really , unexpected and unexpected things can be made by the way that these things have done .
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a kind of <unk> protest in New York City , I admit I was n't interested in too much .
Casey <unk> : I got a ticket , not circular by <unk> , but often there are obstacles that prevent you properly by the <unk> .
KA : Thank you to the surprise and your humor , Casey <unk> managed to get five million you see and understand your idea .
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do in creative form .
And all this leads to a big question .
<unk> <unk> : What does this mean ?
<unk> .
KA : What does this mean ?
<unk> , creative communities of participation , fully unexpected , are characteristics of a new kind of media , a new culture , which we all have access to , and is the audience that defines popularity .
As I said before , one of the current celebrities today , Justin Bieber , started YouTube .
Do n't ask permission to express their ideas .
Now we 're all a little owners of our pop culture .
These are not the characteristics of the old media , it 's barely the current media , but they 're <unk> entertainment in the future .
Thank you .
This is not a finished story .
It 's a puzzle that 's still going to be put together .
Let me tell you about some of the pieces .
Imagine the first piece : a man burning the work of a whole life .
It 's a poet , a playwright , a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom of his country .
So imagine as the communists come in in <unk> , facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain .
The words , for so long , she was making fun .
They 're staying in silence .
He died broken by history .
He 's my grandfather .
I never met him .
But our lives are much more than our memories .
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story .
My task was not to let that be in vain , and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to <unk> , but it was <unk> .
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat on the <unk> <unk> .
My mother , <unk> , was just 18 , when her father died , and a marriage <unk> and two small girls .
For her , life had destined for a task : his family escape and a new life in Australia .
It was inconceivable for her that I could n't do that .
And after a <unk> <unk> , a boat was gripped by the sea dressed in fishing ship .
All the adults knew the risks .
Most fear were hackers , rape and death .
Like most adults , my mother took a little bit of poison with poison .
If you would catch us , first we 'd take my sister and I , and then she and my grandmother .
My first memories are from that boat , the constant rate of the engine , a bow diving in every wave , and the vast horizon and empty horizon .
I do n't remember the hackers who came up with several times , but they were fooled by men in our boat , or the engine dying , and not being able to start for six hours .
But I do remember the lights on the oil rig in front of Malaysia 's coast , and the young man who collapsed and died , I end up the journey was too much for him , and the first apple I tried , given by the men in the platform .
No apple had the same taste afterwards .
After three months in a refugee camp , <unk> in Melbourne .
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations giving a new life together .
We set up in <unk> , a suburb of workers whose population is composed of immigrants .
Unlike the middle class in the middle class , whose existence I did n't know , in <unk> , there was no sense of the right .
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world .
And the fragments of English fragments become among people who had one thing in common : they were starting again .
My mother worked on farms , then on a line of cars , working six days , a double turn .
Yet I found time to study English and get an IT degree in IT technology .
We were poor .
All the dollars were mapped , and that makes an extra mentoring in English and mathematics , does n't matter what it should take off , which was generally new clothes ; it was always a second hand .
Two pairs of average for school , one to hide the holes in the other .
A school uniform until the ankles , because I had to last six years .
And there were <unk> and <unk> over the `` <unk> eyes '' and some graffiti , `` Wow , come home . ''
A home , where ?
Something else in me would be <unk> .
I was accumulating by determination and a voice saying , `` I 'm going to <unk> . ''
My mother , my sister and I slept in the same bed .
My mother was exhausted every night , but we told us about our day and we were listening to our grandmother 's movements .
My mother suffer from nightmares , all of the ship .
And my task was to be awake until her nightmares were going to be awake until her nightmares could be awake .
She opened a computer shop , and then I studied to be <unk> , and he opened another business .
And the women would come with their stories about men who could n't make the transition and angry and <unk> , and kids were trapped between two worlds .
They looked for subsidies and sponsors .
And they created centers .
I lived in parallel worlds .
In one , it was the classic , relentless , relentless Asian student with what it took from myself .
In the other , it was very poor in poor , tragically <unk> by violence , drug abuse and isolation .
But many were getting help over the years .
And for that work , when I was studying my last year of lawyers , they picked me the young Australian young Australian .
And I was <unk> from one piece of the puzzle to the other , but the edges did n't fit .
So I read , an anonymous resident in <unk> , was now so I read , refugee and social activist , invited to speak in places I had never heard , and in houses whose existence she had never imagined .
I did n't know the protocols .
I did n't know how to use the covered .
I did n't know how to talk about wine .
I did n't know how to talk about anything .
I wanted to retreat to the routines and happy of life in a suburb <unk> -- a grandmother , a mother and two daughters , the day as they did for almost 20 years , <unk> on the day of each and running <unk> , three still in the same bed .
And I told my mom I could n't do it .
It reminded me that I was now the same age as she had when she got on the boat .
The `` not '' has ever been a choice .
`` Do you , '' he said , `` and you 're not going to be what that . ''
So I talked about <unk> youth and education and <unk> to the outcasts and the economically .
And the more frankly I was talking , the more I was trying to speak .
I met people from all the roads in life , many of them doing what they loved , living on the boundary of as possible .
And although I ended up my bachelor , I realized I could n't stay in a career .
There had to be another piece of the puzzle .
And I realized at the same time that it 's okay to be an unknown , new arrive at the scene -- and not just that it 's good , but it 's something that is being grateful , maybe a gift of the ship .
Because the inside can easily mean <unk> the horizons , it can easily mean to accept the assumptions of your province .
I gave the enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that , yes , the world is being broken , but not the way we fear .
<unk> that had not been <unk> were tremendously .
There was an energy there , a relentless optimism , a weird mixture of humility and a weird mixture .
So I kept on my intuition .
So , you get a small group of people who the slogan `` ca n't be done '' was a compelling challenge .
For one year , we did n't have a penny .
At the end of every day , it was a giant soup pot that we all share .
We went to <unk> at night .
Most of our ideas were crazy , but some brilliant , and we open ourselves up .
I made the decision to move to the United States .
After a single trip .
My hunch again .
Three months later I had moved , and the adventure kept on .
Before I finished , let me tell you about my grandmother .
She grew up in a time where <unk> was the social norm and the local <unk> was the person who cared .
Life had n't changed for centuries .
His father died shortly after she was born .
The mother grew up alone .
At 17 , it became a <unk> whose mother was hitting her .
No support of her husband , caused a <unk> to <unk> and she was going to take the cause , and much more <unk> caused when I won .
You ca n't have it proved to be wrong .
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died , 10,000 miles , in Melbourne .
I looked through the <unk> of the shower , and I saw it standing on the other side .
I knew I 'd come to tell her .
My mother called minutes later .
Days later , we went to a Buddhist temple in <unk> and sat around her coffin .
We tell stories , and we made sure that we were still with her .
At night , a monk came and told us that I had to close the coffin .
My mother asked us to raise her hand .
I asked the monk , `` Why is her hand hot , and the rest of the body so cold ? ''
`` Because you 've taken your hand from the morning , '' he said .
`` They have n't <unk> it . ''
If there 's a nerve in our family , that runs through women .
Since we were and how life formed to us , we can now see that the men who had arrived at our lives , would have frustrated us .
The defeat would have made it easily .
Now I want to have my own kids , and I wonder about the boat .
Who could wish that to do that ?
However , I 'm afraid of the easy privilege of the right .
I can give you a bow in your life , a brave dive in every wave , the <unk> rhythm of the engine , the vast horizon that you do n't guarantee anything ?
I do n't know .
But if I could give it and see them safe , I would .
<unk> <unk> , and also the mother of it today here , the fourth or fifth row .
My story begins in <unk> about two years ago .
I was in the desert , under the starry sky , with the Sufi Sufi singer .
We were having a conversation about how nothing has changed since the time of the old Indian epic .
In those days , when Indians wanted to travel to a car , and we 're blowing up the sky .
Now we do it with airplanes .
At that time , when <unk> , the great Prince warrior Indian warrior , was thirst , and I pulled out a bow , and with a <unk> to the ground , he got water .
Now we do the same with <unk> and machines .
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced the machinery .
And that was a huge amount to me .
Every time I felt a little bit more <unk> .
I was struck by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciating a sunset if I did n't have the camera , if I could n't tell my friends .
It seemed like technology had to allow magic , not kill .
As a child , my grandfather gave me his <unk> .
And this 50 year-old piece was for my <unk> thing .
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirates and <unk> in my imagination .
I had the sense that the mobile phones , the luxury clocks and the cameras that prevent you .
It 's our inspiration .
So I launched , I came up with this technological world to see how to create magic , instead of killing her .
It 's taken books from the age of 16 .
So when I saw the iPad , I saw a storytelling device able to connect the readers of the entire world .
You can know how we take the book .
Where we are .
And bringing the text out with the image , the animation , the sound and the touch .
The storytelling becomes more and more <unk> .
But what is it for us ?
I 'm about to launch <unk> , an interactive application for iPad .
It says , `` It puts your fingers on every light . ''
And so ... `` This box belongs to ... '' I write my name .
And so I get a character from the book .
At various times , I get a <unk> -- the iPad knows where I live because of GPS -- that comes led to me .
My inner girl is excited about all these possibilities .
I 've talked a lot of magic .
And I do n't mean magicians and dragons , but that magic magic , those ideas that are <unk> of children .
For some reason , fireflies in a jar were always exciting to me .
So , over here , we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies .
And really , they light up your way into what the addition of the book is .
Another idea that fascinated me about a little girl was that a whole galaxy in a <unk> galaxy .
So here , every book and every world becomes a <unk> that I drag into this magical device , inside the device .
And this opens up a map .
In every story of fantasy , there have always been maps but have been static maps .
This is a map that grows , <unk> and guide you through the rest of the book .
In certain points in the book , it also reveals .
Now I 'm going to get in .
Another very important aspect to me is to create Indian content and a contemporary time .
These are the <unk> .
We 've all heard about fairies and <unk> , but how many people were from India know their Indian counterparts , <unk> ?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia , in an old and wet book .
So we 're bringing them back into contemporary child history .
In a story that 's about current issues as the environmental crisis .
And , talking about the environmental crisis , one of the problems over the last 10 years has been that children have been locked , pasted to their PCs , have not come to the outside world .
But now with mobile technology , we can take our children to the natural world with their technology .
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go outside , take the camera or the iPad , and collect images from different natural objects .
As a child , I had a lot of collections -- of clubs , stones , <unk> , <unk> and shells .
For some reason , kids do n't .
So to reclaim this ritual of childhood , you have to go out and , in one chapter , you 'd take a photo to a flower and then <unk> .
In another chapter , you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tagging .
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web .
One kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says , `` Oh , I saw a fox . ''
A child from India says , `` I saw a monkey . ''
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been gone .
Within the variants of connection between magic , Earth and technology is a lot of possibilities .
In the next book , we have to have an interaction where you get out with the iPad and the video on and through augmented reality , you see an augmented reality group that appear on the inner plants in the house .
At a moment the screen is full of leaves .
And you have to make the sound of the wind and get it to be able to read the rest of the book .
We 're going to a world where the forces of nature are <unk> together with technology and magic and technology come close to one another .
It 's called the sun 's energy .
We 're moving to our kids and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic , joy and child love that we sit through a simple story .
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about why many projects of <unk> fail .
And I think , really , that the most important thing about that is we stop listening to patients .
And one of the things we did at <unk> University was a <unk> to a director of listening .
And not in a very scientific way , she raised a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients , family and known : what happens ?
`` How can we help ?
And we tend to think about , this is one of the biggest problems that all of us , or maybe not all , but most of the projects of hacking fail , because we stopped listening .
This is my Wi-Fi scaling . It 's very simple .
It 's got a knob on and off .
Every morning I get on .
And yes , I have a challenge as you can see .
I got the challenge to go to 95 kilograms .
But it 's so simple , that every time I hook up , sends my information to Google Health .
And my doctor from <unk> has access to him as well . So , he can see what my weight problem is , not at the same time that he needs to be able to get to the <unk> or some urgency of that style , but to see it backwards .
But there 's another thing .
As some of you know , I have over 4,000 followers on Twitter .
So , every morning , I connect to my Wi-Fi scale and before I climbed up to my car , people start to talk to me : <unk> , today I think you need a light lunch .
That 's the best thing that can happen , because it 's used for pairs used to help patients , because it could be used for obesity , and also for patients quit smoking .
On the other hand , it can be able to move people out of their chairs and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health .
From the next week , it will be available .
This little <unk> is connected to an iPhone or another device .
And people are going to be able to , from their homes , take their blood pressure , send them to their doctor , and share it with others , for example , for 100 dollars .
This is the point where patients take a position , they 're back back into control and to be captains of their own boat , but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face , as the <unk> of attention , the doubling of demand and other issues .
<unk> techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team .
And they can do it with techniques like this , but they 're also using crowdsourcing .
And one of the things we did want to share with you with a video .
We all have navigation checks in cars .
Maybe we even have them on our phones .
We just know where the ATM machines are in <unk> .
Also , where all the <unk> are .
And of course , we can find fast food chains .
But where is the closest <unk> to help this patient ?
We asked , but nobody knew .
Nobody knew where to get their <unk> lives right now .
So what we did was we do crowdsourcing it in the Netherlands .
We created a website , and we asked the public to do that : If you look at a <unk> , please <unk> , you know where , and when it 's open , because sometimes open up in time schedules and other people are closed .
And over 10,000 <unk> were already presented in the Netherlands .
The next step was to look for the app for that .
And we made an app for the iPad .
We created an augmented application for <unk> , augmented reality , to find these <unk> .
And every time they 're in the city of <unk> and somebody collapses , they can use their iPhone , and the next few weeks to use their cellphone from Microsoft to find the nearest <unk> , which can save lives .
And from today , I 'd like to introduce this one , not just as <unk> <unk> , which is the name of the product , but also as <unk> .
And we want to go globally .
We 're <unk> all of the colleagues in the world , in other universities , to help us find , to work and act as a center for the incorporate of <unk> around the world .
Every time you 're on vacation and someone collapses , you can be a relative or somebody in front of you , you can find it .
I also would like to invite companies around the world who could help us validate these things .
They could be <unk> service or phone service , for example , to see if the <unk> is still in its place .
Please help us help this and not only improve health , but take control of it .
Thank you very much .
I 'm here for sharing photography .
Or is it <unk> ?
Because of course , they 're pictures that they ca n't take with their cameras .
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years .
I mixed with my prior passion for the drawing , but it was a little bit different because when I use the camera , the process was in planning .
And when you take a photograph with a camera , the process ends when you click the trigger .
And to me photography had more to do with being in the right place , at the right time .
It felt like anybody could do it .
So I wanted to create something different , a process that would start to push it up .
Pictures like this : a construction on a very <unk> highway .
But it has an unexpected twist .
And despite that , it keeps a level of realism .
Or photos like these -- dark and colorful , but with the common goal of keeping the realism level .
And when I say realism , realism I mean <unk> .
Because of course , it 's not something that I can <unk> , but I always want it to be captured in a way as a photograph .
Three of you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick .
It has more to do with capturing an idea that with capturing a moment .
But what is the trick that makes them sound real ?
Is the details or the colors ?
Do you get the light ?
What creates the illusion ?
Sometimes the illusion is perspective .
But in the end , it 's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface .
It 's actually not about whether it 's realistic , but what we think is realistic .
So I think the foundations are very simple .
I see it as a puzzle of reality where we took different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality .
Let me show you a simple example .
So here we have three objects that are perfectly imaginable , something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world .
But combined in some ways they can create something that still three-dimensional looks like three-dimensional .
But at the same time , we know it does n't exist .
So we pretend to the brain because the brain does n't accept the fact that that does n't really make sense .
And I see the same process by combining photographs .
It really is to combine different realities .
And the things that make a picture seem realistic , I think they 're those in which we do n't even think about , the things that surround us in our daily lives .
But by combining pictures , it 's very important to consider that , because otherwise something will look bad .
So I would like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results .
As you can see , these images are not very special .
But combined , you can create something like this .
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective .
Second , the photos are combined to have the same kind of light .
And these two images meet with these requirements , they 've taken to the same height and with the same kind of light .
The third point is to do impossible to distinguish the beginning and the end of the different images with a perfect joint .
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made .
This is another example .
You might think that this is the picture of a landscape , and the bottom is manipulated .
But this picture is fully composed by photographs of different places .
Now , I think it 's easier to create a place that would find it , because you do n't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head .
But it requires a lot of planning .
And as I thought about this idea in winter , I knew I had several months to get it , to find the different locations for the pieces of the puzzle .
For example , the fish was captured on a fishing trip .
The shores are a different location .
The <unk> was captured in a stone pump .
And yes , I even made a red line at the top of the island of the top of the island to seem more familiar .
So to get a realistic outcome , I think it 's missing planning .
You always start with a sketch , an idea .
Then you have to combine the different photographs .
And here every piece is really well meant to be meant .
If you do a good job by taking the pictures , it can be very beautiful and very realistic .
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm showing you a slide on technology , very boring .
Please , if you can put it ...
It 's a diagram , anybody I took from a manila folder .
I 'm not interested in showing you the details , but the general aspect .
This is an analysis that we were doing on the power of the microprocessors attached to the power of the local area network .
What 's interesting about this is that this one , like many of us we tend to see , is a straight line on a log line .
In other words , every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale .
I 'm going to talk about <unk> technology is something new .
Here 's something weird here .
And that 's what I 'm going to talk about .
Please turn the lights on .
<unk> more intensity , because writing about paper .
Why do we chart technological curves on <unk> scales ?
The answer is , if you draw them on a normal curve where , let 's say , these are the years , or some of the time , and this would be any measure of the technology I 'd like to chart , the diagram would look ridiculous .
It would be something like this .
It does n't say too much .
But if plot , for example , some other technology , like transportation , on a <unk> curve , it would be very silly , we would see a straight line .
But if something happens like this , it gives a qualitative change .
If technology of transport can grow as fast as the microprocessors , past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds .
But we do n't go to that pace .
There is no precedent in the history of technological development of a <unk> growth that every few years to advance the orders of magnitude .
The question I want to ask is -- you look at these exponential curves , we see that they 're not going forever .
It 's not possible to hold this change as fast as it goes .
Let me give you one of two things .
Or it will become a typical curve , like this until it comes something completely different , or maybe I 'll do something like this .
That 's everything that can happen .
I 'm optimistic , so I think maybe something like this .
So we 're now in the middle of a transition .
In this line we 're in a transition from what used to be the world , to a new way .
So what I 'm trying to ask , and ask myself , is , what is that new way that we adopt the world ?
What new state is the world headed ?
It seems very , very confused if we 're engaged in it .
I remember a kid the future was happening in 2000 , and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000 .
This is a conference where people talk about the future , and we see that the future is still the year 2000 .
That 's all we see .
In other words , the future has shrunk , year after year , throughout my life .
But I think it 's because we feel that something is happening .
We can feel it . We can feel it .
And we know that it does n't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different to extrapolate what we 're doing today does n't make any sense .
So I want to tell you about how it might be , how that transition might be that transition to experience .
But to do that , I 'll have to talk a little bit about things that do n't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology .
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and look at things in the long term .
The time scale that I 'd like to do is the time of life on Earth .
I think this picture makes sense if we looked at each one billion years .
So , you go back half a half billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with a lot of chemicals that <unk> around it .
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized , we give us an idea of how things happened .
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin of the RNA , and I 'm going to tell you a simple version of this , and that is , at that time , there was a little bit of them floating around with all kinds of chemicals with all kinds of chemical recipes inside .
Some of those blobs of oil contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate out of the outside , and then they raised the droplets of those .
They started to divide .
In some sense , those were the most primitive , most primitive forms of oil -- those bumps on the oil .
But those blobs were n't alive , in the current sense , because each of them contained a random recipe of chemicals .
And every time you split <unk> , an unequal distribution of the chemicals that held it .
So each droplet was a little different .
In fact , the droplets that somehow become better at getting better at incorporate the surrounding chemicals ; they grew more , <unk> more chemicals and split more .
Mostly they lived longer , they were more represented .
It was a form of life , chemistry , very simple chemistry , but things become interesting when these droplets learned the trick of abstraction .
In some ways that we do n't really understand these very well , they learned to store information .
They learned to keep information , which was the recipe for the cell , in a special chemical called DNA .
In other words , <unk> in this meaningless evolution , a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate .
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since it evolved two billion years ago .
Our recipe , our genes , have exactly the same code , that same writing system .
In fact , every living thing is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code .
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code .
Here I have 100 showed white dust that I 'm trying to hide people from the airport .
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this piece of DNA , and we 'll take it 10 to 22 times .
So if someone wants to be 100 million copies of my personal card , I have a lot of them all here -- in fact , for every person in the world , and it 's here .
If it was a <unk> , it would have put it in a virus and would have spread it out in the room .
What was the next step ?
Writing DNA was an interesting step .
This made these cells happy about another billion years .
But then another big step happened in which things were very different , and it was that these cells started trading and communicating information , forming these cells .
I do n't know if you know it , but bacteria can exchange DNA .
So , for example , antibiotic resistance evolved .
Some bacteria found the way some bacteria found the way that we can avoid penicillin , and they 'll send them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria , and now there are so many resistant to penicillin , because bacteria communicate .
This communication gave place to be able to form communities that , in a way , were together , and a synergy set .
From that way to survive or failed together , whether a community was very successful , all of the individuals in that community would say more and they were <unk> by evolution .
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so close that they came together and decided to write all the recipe from the community together on a chain of DNA .
The next exciting stage for life took another billion years .
And at that stage we have multicellular communities , communities of many different types of cells working together as a single organism .
In fact , we are a multicellular community .
We have a lot of cells that do n't act alone .
The skin cell does not serve without the heart , or the muscles , or the brain , and so on .
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cellular cell , something we call an organism .
The next level happened within these communities .
They started <unk> information .
And to build very special structures that did n't make information more than process information .
It 's the neural structures .
The neurons are the devices that process information that these cellular communities built .
In fact , they started to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record , understanding and convey information .
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities .
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage .
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism , not to the period of evolutionary time .
So an organism could , for example , learning not to eat some fruit because I knew bad and got sick the last time she ate it .
That could happen during the life of a given organism that had previously built these structures of information processing that in evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit .
And so the fact that the nervous system can build those structures of this incredibly accelerated information structures .
Because evolution could now happen confined to an individual .
It could happen in the time necessary to learn .
But then , of course , the individuals discovered the trick of communication .
So for example , the most refined version that we know is human language .
If we think about it , it 's an incredible invention .
I have a very complicated idea , a vague idea , in the head .
I 'm here sitting here , and I 'm here with luck , building a similar , vague idea in their heads that holds some analogy with mine .
But we take something very complicated , we make it sound , in sound sequences , and we produce something very complicated in another brain .
That allows us to start working as an organism .
In fact , as humanity , we 've started to do abstractions .
We now go through periods of similar periods to organisms , we abstract our record methods , presentation and processing information .
For example , the invention of language was a little step in that direction .
The telephony , the computer , the video tape , the CD-ROM , etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we 're now built to handle that information .
And that brings us into something much bigger , faster and able to evolve more than we did before .
Now evolution can happen in microseconds .
You already saw the evolutionary <unk> of <unk> in which it produced some evolution with the <unk> program in front of our eyes .
And now we 've accelerated the time scales again .
The first stages of the story that told them took a billion years each .
The next stages , the nervous system and the brain , took a few hundred million years .
The next ones , the language etc. , they took less than a million years .
And the next few , like electronics , seems to take just a few decades .
The process is fed up , I suppose , is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change .
The more it changes , the faster it does .
And I think that 's what we 're looking at in this explosion of the curve .
We see the process is fed into it .
But I make my life designing computers , and I know that the mechanisms that I work for design would not be possible without the recent computer advances .
But now design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in ways .
I do n't know it does every transistor in that wiring machine .
There are billions .
Instead , with the designers in <unk> <unk> , we think an abstraction level , we put it on the machine and the machine that does something that you could n't , much further and faster than ever before .
In fact , sometimes using methods we do n't even understand .
A particularly interesting method that I 've been using lately is evolution itself .
We put inside the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of microseconds .
And for example , in the most extreme cases , we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions .
We say , `` Please , computer , can you run a hundred million sequences of instructions ?
Could you run these random sequences , to run all those programs , and take those things that are going to do what we want to do ? ''
In other words , I define what I want .
So let 's say I want to tidying up numbers , to put a simple example .
So , we found the programs that are coming back to tidying up numbers .
Of course , it 's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions , <unk> numbers , so none of them made it .
But one , luckily , could find two numbers in the right order .
And I said , `` computer , could you take 10 percent of those random sequences you did the task ? ''
They went and <unk> them to the rest .
And now we 'll make the ones that best ordered the numbers .
And let 's go back to <unk> following a process of analog Building to sex . ''
Let 's take two programs , that we 're going to have children , that we have <unk> <unk> , and that the children will promote the properties of both programs .
So we got a new generation of software programs that they had a little more successful .
And we say , `` Please do the process . ''
Let 's go back .
We had some mutations .
And it tries again and tries again with another generation .
Well , every generation takes a few milliseconds .
So I can make the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or , in complicated cases , in a few hours .
In the end , we ended up with programs that orders absolutely perfect numbers .
In fact , they 're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand .
If I look at those programs , I ca n't tell you how they work .
I 've tried to look at how they work .
They 're dark , strangers .
But they hit the job .
In fact , I know , I have the safety of getting the target , because they come from a bloodline of hundreds of thousands of programs that they succeeded .
In fact , their lives depended on it .
Once I was going on a 747 on a front 747 , and you get a card and he says , `` Look at this .
He says , `` This plane has hundreds of thousands of <unk> that work together to offer safe flight . '' Do n't make you feel quiet ?
We know that the engineering processes do n't work very well when they get complicated .
So we started to depend on computers to do very different design processes .
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than normal engineering produces .
However , we do n't understand all the choices that there is .
In that sense , it goes in front of us .
Now we use those programs to make computers much faster , and so they can run these programs much faster .
So , it 's fed into it .
The thing goes faster and faster , so I think it looks so confused .
Because all of these technologies are <unk> .
We 're taking off .
And we 're at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they got multicellular .
We 're amoebas and we ca n't understand what the hell we 're creating .
We 're at the tipping point .
But I think something comes behind us .
I think it would be very arrogant to think that we are the final product of evolution .
And I think we 're all part of the creation of whatever it comes .
But now it 's the lunch , and I think I 'll stop here before I get stuck .
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change .
And I think this starts with a doctor , and that 's me .
And I spent long enough to allow me to give a part of my false prestige on that .
Before I treat my talk , let 's talk a little bit about baseball .
Why not ?
We 're near the end , we 're approaching the World Series .
We love baseball , right ?
baseball is full of amazing statistics .
There are hundreds of statistics .
It 's going to go out of the rules , and we 're talking about the statistics and use them to form a great baseball team .
I 'm going to focus on one of them , and I hope that many of you do n't know .
It 's called average of <unk> .
And we talked about 300 , from a <unk> <unk> .
That means that <unk> bat effectively , three of 10 times .
That means throwing the ball into the game of play without being trapped , and anybody who tried to throw it out at the first base , not to get to time , and the second foundation will be saving .
Three tries attempts .
You know how they call a <unk> <unk> in the Great League of America ?
Well , really , maybe the team of stars .
You know how they call a baseball baseball tree ?
By the way , that 's somebody who 's from 10 strokes , it gets four .
<unk> -- like King Ted Williams , the last player in the League of <unk> , to run more 400 strikes in a regular season .
Now let 's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable , or maybe less uncomfortable , after what I 'll tell you today .
Suppose they have <unk> and they 're derivatives of a surgeon that has also a record of 400 in <unk> .
It does n't work , right ?
Now suppose you live in a remote place , and a wanted self has two <unk> coronary arteries and his family physician derived a cardiologist whose record in <unk> is 200 .
But , you know something ?
She 's getting a lot better .
And its hits have been <unk> .
This is not working .
But I 'll ask you .
What do you believe that you should be the average of the hits of a heart or an orthopedic surgeon or a <unk> <unk> ?
1,000 , very good .
And the truth of the issue is that no one in medicine knows the hits of a good surgeon , from a doctor or a medical medical doctor .
What we do , though , is to send them to the world , and I 'm included , with the mandate to be perfect .
They never , ever , make a mistake and try to figure out how to do it well .
That was the message that I was in medical school .
I was a obsessional obsessional student .
Once , a partner in high school said that Brian Goldman 's studied to a blood test .
That .
<unk> in my little <unk> , in the residence of General Hospital in Toronto , not far from here .
And I learned all of memory .
From my class of anatomy , I memorized the origin and the muscle work , <unk> out of every artery that comes out of your mind , your frequent diagnostic diagnosis and not usual .
And I even knew a differential diagnosis about how to sort of <unk> kidney <unk> .
And meanwhile , more and more knowledge .
And I went very well ; I graduated with mine .
And you 're going to tell you from the medical school with the impression that if you were all going to get everything , then everything would know everything , or as possible , close to everything , because I get rid of mistakes .
And it worked for a while , until I met my lady .
I was a resident at a college hospital here , in Toronto , when they brought the lady to the emergency service , where I was working .
I was assigned to the cardiology part of cardiology .
And when I requested myself to go to a cardiologist , I was going to go to that patient .
I inform the Chief of residents .
When I saw the <unk> lady , he was <unk> .
I heard <unk> sound .
And when the <unk> , I heard a <unk> sound on both sides , which gave me a <unk> heart failure .
In these conditions , the heart stops working , and instead of pump your blood forward , your blood goes to the lungs , these are <unk> with blood , and so there 's a difficulty breathing .
And it was n't hard to diagnose .
I did , and I started working on the treatment that would give him .
It gave aspirin and medication to alleviate pressure in their heart .
I gave him <unk> , water pills , so that I could eliminate liquid .
And in an hour or two , she started feeling better .
And I felt very well .
And that was when I made the first mistake ; he sent her home .
I actually made two more mistakes .
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents .
I did n't get up the phone , I did n't do what I should have done , that I was calling my boss and get her to him to see him .
And if my boss would have seen it , I would have to bring information out .
Maybe I did for a good reason .
Maybe I did n't want to be a resident as a resident .
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and capable of taking responsibility , that I could take care of my patients without even contact my boss .
The second mistake I made was worse .
When he send her home , I did n't pay attention to a voice in my interior that I was like , `` Goldman , it 's not a good idea . Do n't do it . ''
In fact , I was so insecure , until I asked the nurse I was taking care of the lady , `` Do you think it 's okay if you go to your house ? ''
And the nurse thought , and then he said , `` Yes , I think I 'm okay . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday .
So he signed up , and the ambulance next to the ambulance have taken her home .
And I went back to the hospital hall .
The rest of that day , that afternoon , I had a bad feeling in your stomach .
But I went on with my job .
At the end of the day , I 'd been able to leave the hospital and walked into the parking lot where my car was my car to go home .
I went through the emergency emergency service of the road .
And there another nurse , not that I was taking care of the lady who was taking care of me before , but another one . He said to me three words , those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear .
Other specialists who are afraid also , but there 's a <unk> in <unk> , and we see the patients ' patients .
The three words are remember you ?
`` Does the patient remember that he sent home ? ''
He asked the other <unk> .
`` Well she went back , '' with the same tone of voice .
She was okay .
But I went back and on the edge of death .
In an hour of having come to his house , after I would give him the high , he suffered a collapse and his family called 911 ; the ambulance had brought it to emergency room with a blood pressure of 50 centimeters , which means a shock shock .
I just breathed and blue .
The emergency staff turned to all its resources .
They gave them medication to climb up blood pressure .
And they put an artificial ventilator .
I was a shock and <unk> to the spinal cord .
He had a mixture of feelings because after the <unk> was in intensive care and expected against all hope he would recover .
And in the two or three days , it was obvious that they never <unk> .
He had an irreversible brain damage .
The family got together .
And in eight or nine days , they 'll be able to get into what was happening .
And to the ninth day , they stopped going . The wife <unk> , wife , mother and grandmother .
They say they never forget the names that they die .
That was my first experience .
So the next few weeks , I was thrilled for it and experienced for the first time the shame is in our medical culture , and I sat alone , isolated , without feeling that healthy shame because you ca n't deal with your colleagues .
You make peace and never make that mistake .
It 's that shame that leaves a teaching .
The embarrassment of shame I 'm talking about is that makes us feel very bad inside .
It 's the one that tells us not that what we did was bad , we 're bad .
And that felt .
And it was n't my boss ; he was an charm .
I talked to the family , and I 'm sure I 'm going to do things and made sure that I did n't get distracted .
And I kept getting those questions .
Why did n't I ask my boss ? Why did he send him home ?
And in my worst times , why made a mistake so dumb ?
Why did I choose medicine ?
Gradually that feeling was <unk> .
And I began to feel better .
And on a day , it opened up the sky and finally came the sun , and I wondered if I would feel better again .
And I made a deal with myself in which if I was going to hold the efforts to be perfect , to do more mistakes , I would make those voices over .
And so that was .
I went back to work .
But it went back .
Two years later , I was an assistant in the emergency department in a hospital hospital to Northern Toronto , and I got a seven-year-old man with a pain in throat .
I was very busy and in a hurry .
And he would point out here .
I looked at her throat , was a little bit <unk> .
He was <unk> and sent it to his house .
But while he ran the door , he kept pointing his throat .
Two days later , when I came to make my shift from a guard , my boss asked to talk to me without his office .
And he made the three words : you remember you ?
Remember the patient who saw in his throat ?
So he went back and did n't have a <unk> <unk> .
I had a potentially fatal condition called <unk> .
You can search for Google . It 's an infection , not the throat , but the top airline , and it can cause the key to those pathways .
He , fortunately , not passed away .
She 's got antibiotics for <unk> , and he recovered to the few days .
And I went through the same period of shame and <unk> , then went back and went back to work , until it happened over and over again and again .
Twice in the same turn of the emergency turn , not <unk> <unk> .
And it 's a great effort , especially working in a hospital , because they 're assisted to 14 patients at the same time .
But in both cases , I did n't send them home and I do n't think it 's been a carelessness .
One of them thought had a kidney calculation .
Order , an X-ray of kidneys , but it turned out normal . A colleague who was checking into a certain sensitivity in the bottom right and called the surgeon .
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea .
I read liquid order to <unk> , and I asked my colleague to take it .
I checked and checked to some sensitivity in the bottom right quadrant , called the surgeon .
They 're both operated out and they recovered well .
But every single case I 'm going to do , I devoured `` <unk> . ''
But I 'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise , and as many colleagues say , it 's a crap .
The most significant have been over the last five years .
Only , embarrassed and without support .
And here 's the problem : If I ca n't get a release and talk about my mistakes , if I ca n't find a little girl who tells me what 's really going on , how can I share this with my colleagues ?
How do I show them this so that they did n't make the same mistakes ?
If I would go back to a place like this , I would n't have any idea what you think about me .
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure , after failure , after failure ?
Of course , in a party you 'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors , but you wo n't hear somebody talking about their own mistakes .
And if I knew and my colleagues , as well , that a <unk> in my hospital was wrong , believe me that he would have a hard time looking at it in the eyes .
This is the system that we have .
The total denial of mistakes .
It 's the system that there are two positions : those who make mistakes and the ones that do n't -- those who ca n't sleep and the ones that have a lot of great results , and those who have great results .
And it 's almost like an ideological response , as antibodies you start to attack that person .
We have the idea that if we do not do the people who make mistakes , we will get a safe system .
But that brings two problems .
In 20 years , it 's about spread and medical litigation , I 've done a personal medical litigation and medical mistakes to learn what 's possible , from the first article I wrote for the Toronto , to my show `` White <unk> , Black Art , Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous .
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day , in which one in 10 medications <unk> in the hospital are wrong , or it is not right . In a system that hospital-acquired infections are increasingly more and more numerous than chaos and death .
In this country , 24,000 Canadians die for preventable medical errors .
The U.S. Medicine was established 100,000 .
In both cases , it 's about <unk> <unk> , because we 're not ignoring the problem as we should .
And so they are things .
A hospitable system where knowledge is going on every two or three years , and we do n't get distracted .
Be sleep deprivation .
And we ca n't get rid of it .
We have cognitive biases that allow a perfect history of a patient with chest pain .
Now , let 's take the same patient with chest pain , I 've been <unk> with <unk> eyes and breath out of alcohol , and all of a sudden , my story is <unk> from contempt .
It 's not the same story .
I 'm not a robot ; I do n't do things always like .
And my patients are not cars . They did n't kill their symptoms always in the same way .
All of this , the mistakes are inevitable .
So if we take the system as we were taught , and we eliminate all the professional practitioners at wrong , well , not anyone left .
And so that people do n't want to talk about their most serious cases ?
In my program : `` white <unk> , '' it 's already a habit to say , `` This is my worst mistake . ''
And your students were going to be <unk> , <unk> , will go down the head and get saliva and start telling their stories .
They want to tell their stories , they want to share them .
<unk> power to say , `` Look , not going to make the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do that .
They need a <unk> medical culture .
And it starts with a doctor every time .
The redefining physician is human , human beings , accepts it , and they did n't be proud of their mistakes , but it tries to learn from what 's happened to teach others .
It shares your experiences with them .
It 's support for those who talk about their mistakes .
They would promote the mistakes of other people not to get together , but in a loving way that they all benefit .
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings are running the system , and when this happens , they make mistakes once when .
My name is Brian Goldman .
I 'm a redefined doctor .
I 'm human , making mistakes .
And I 'm sorry , but I 'm a lot of effort to learn something that can transmit to others .
I still do n't know what about me , but I can live with that .
And let me close with three personal words : I remember it .
Do you know how many decisions we take one day ?
Do you know how much choose in a week ?
So recently , I made a survey for more than 2,000 people and the average number of choice which says to choose an average American , are about 70 to the day .
Not much ago , in a research group , followed for a week to a group of presidents .
And the researchers recorded the different tasks of these executives and the time that we 're going to be able to make decisions relate to those tasks .
They found that , on average , we had <unk> jobs a week .
Naturally , every job included a lot of <unk> .
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less .
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of your time .
Now think of your choices .
Do you know how many you belong to the nine minutes , and how many to an hour ?
How do you grade the way those decisions address ?
Today , I want to talk about one of the biggest problems today : choice in front of the options .
I want to talk about the problem and of some possible solutions .
While I 'm talking about this , I 'm going to ask you a few questions , and I need to know your answers .
When I ask a question , as I 'm blind , raise your hand just if you want to burn calories .
Otherwise , when you ask a question , if your response is positive for me .
And now my first question of the day : Are you ready to hear about the problem with options ?
Thank you .
Being a graduate student at Stanford University , <unk> this very , very high level , at least in that time was very sophisticated .
It was called <unk> .
It was almost like going to an amusement park .
There were like 250 different mustard classes and vinegar , over 500 types of fruits and vegetables and some 25 of bottled water , and this was when you take water from the faucet .
I loved to go to that store , but at one occasion , I wondered , why never buy anything ?
This is the olive oil shelf .
They had more than 75 different classes , including the ones that were in the sealed box that came from trees as they were .
I once decided to go to the manager and I asked him , `` Does this strategy work for all these options ? ''
He pointed to me with the buses full of tourists that came every day , usually with their cameras .
So we decided to do a little experiment with <unk> .
hall .
They had different classes .
<unk> a <unk> , just to the entrance to the store .
We put it out of six flavors , or 24 flavors different and looked at two things : First , what 's the case people were willing to stop testing the jars ?
More people stopped when there was 24 -- 60 percent , that when there was only six , 40 percent .
We also look at what case they were more likely to buy a mug .
Here we find the opposite effect .
Of course they stopped when there were 24 , only three percent came to buy jars .
From the <unk> when there were six , we saw that 30 percent bought jars .
If we do the calculations , people were six times as much chance of buying jars if they found six .
Well , we decide that we do n't buy jars , we 're probably good at conserving the <unk> , but it turns out that the problem of the animal overload is really affecting us in momentous decisions .
We decided not to decide , even though this is not going to be broken .
Now the theme of the day : the financial savings .
I 'm going to describe to you a study that I did with <unk> <unk> , <unk> <unk> and Hung Wei , where we 're looking at savings decisions for about a million Americans , from about 650 plans from this country .
We were interested to see if the number of funds offers us in retirement plans for retirement , the 401 program , <unk> people to save for the future .
And we discovered that there was a correlation there .
We had <unk> plans that were coming from two to 59 different options .
We found that the bigger the number of money used , there were less participation .
So if we look at the extremes , we see that the plans that offer two funds , the rate of participation was about 70 percent or more , not as high as they 'd like .
And in the plans that were offered about 60 funds , the rate of participation went to the 60 percentile .
It turns out even if you decide to participate , when there 's more choices , even in that case , there are negative consequences .
So , for those who decided to participate , the bigger the number of options , more people are willing to avoid stock or investment funds .
In terms of any more options , they were more willing to invest in market financial banks .
But none of these very extreme decisions are the ones that we are trying to optimize the future financial well-being .
In the previous decade , we 've seen three major negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities .
The most likely thing is to make the decision , that <unk> even when this is going against self-interest .
It 's more likely to make the worst decisions -- in finance and health .
They 're more likely to choose some less satisfying things , even though they 're objectively going to go better .
The main reason is that they enjoyed looking at that array of <unk> , mustard , vinegar and jars , but we 're not able to do the calculations to compare , contrast and choose that amazing exhibition .
Today I want to offer you four simple techniques that we 've tried , in one way or another , in different research , so that you can test in your business .
The first is , <unk> .
You 've heard it before , but it 's never been more true than today , which is less .
People always get upset when I say , `` <unk> . ''
You care about losing space in the <unk> .
But actually , what we 're seeing is that , increasingly , if you decide to cut , get rid of the strange redundant choices , there will be a sales increase , <unk> costs , there will be a better experience in choice .
When <unk> & Gamble went from 26 different types of Head to 15 , they saw a 10 percent increase in sales .
When the civil corporation eliminated the products that less cats were sold , they increased 87 percent , for two causes : bigger sales and lower costs .
You know that today 's supermarkets , on average offer 45,000 products .
In a grocery store , it 's about 100,000 products .
But the ninth largest shop in the world today is <unk> , and it offers only 1,400 products ; a kind of tomato sauce .
In the financial savings world , I think one of the best examples that have emerged about how to handle better choice is the theme of David <unk> , the Harvard program .
All Harvard employees are automatically bound to a insurance background of life .
The people who really want to choose , they 're offered 20 funds , not 300 or more .
You know often people say , `` I do n't know how to cut .
They 're all important options . ''
The first thing I do is to ask employees , `` Tell me the differences in between those options .
And if their employees can not tell , they ca n't do their customers . ''
So this afternoon , before I started this session , I was talking with Gary .
He told me that he 'd be willing to offer people in this audience on a vacation with all paid money to the most beautiful way in the world .
Here , a description .
I want you to read it .
I 'm going to leave a few seconds to read it and then I want you to give you a hand if you 're ready to take the supply of Gary .
( few applause ) Okay . Anybody who 's ready to accept the deal .
They 're not more ?
Well , I 'm going to show you something else .
You knew that there was a trick .
Who 's ready for that journey ?
I think I really had to hear more hands .
All right .
Actually , you had more information on the first round , which in the second time , but I can tell you that you thought the second time was more real .
Because the images were made to be more real .
This brings me to the second technique to deal with the price of options . It 's <unk> .
So people understand the differences between choices , they have to understand the consequences of each choice , and that the consequences should be very vivid , very concrete .
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit , than when they use cash ?
Because it does n't look real money .
It turns out that it looked more real , it can be a very positive tool for people to save more .
We did a study with <unk> <unk> and <unk> <unk> , and <unk> <unk> who worked on <unk> , these people were in a meeting where they were getting into a 401 plan .
And to that meeting , it 's exactly how they used to be used , we did a little addition .
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that they 're focusing on in their lives if they were saving more money .
With this <unk> , there was an increase in 20 percent and increase in the amount they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings accounts for four percent .
The third technique is <unk> .
We can handle more categories than options .
For example , this is a study that we did in a magazines of magazines .
We saw that in supermarkets , it 's along the northeast corridor , the journal exhibition can contain from divided different types to <unk> .
But , you know ?
Because classification tells me how to tell them .
These are two jewelry exhibitions .
One is called `` <unk> '' and the other , `` <unk> . ''
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , give yourself a pat .
( few applause ) Well , there 's some .
If you think the one on the left is <unk> , and the one on the right is <unk> , give yourself a pat .
Well , something else .
It turns out it 's right .
The one on the left is <unk> and the one on the right is <unk> . But you know something ?
This classification scheme is totally useless .
The categories must tell you something that you choose to do , not what defines it .
You often see this problem with those huge lists of funding .
Who are supposed to be reporting ?
My fourth category : <unk> complexity .
It turns out that we can handle a lot more information than we think , if you just simplify it a little bit .
We have to increase complexity gradually .
I 'm going to show you an example of what I mean .
Let 's see a very complicated decision ; you buy a car .
This is a car German manufacturer that allows completely <unk> .
You have to make 60 decisions , to put the car together .
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one .
<unk> , the outside of the car . I 'm 56 possibilities .
Car , box of changes , four options .
What I 'm going to do is vary the order in which decisions appear .
So half of the customers are going to go from lots of options , 56 colors , to a few , four boxes .
The other half of the customers are going to go from a few options , four boxes , 56 colors , lots of options .
And what am I going to look ?
How involved you are .
If you always <unk> the default button in every decision , it indicates you 're overwhelmed , like , you 're losing them .
We found that those who go from a lot of options , put the <unk> button over and over again and again .
We lose them .
If you go from a few choices to many , you 're still there .
The same information , same number of options .
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is presented .
If we start with the easy , you learn to pick .
Even though the choice of change does n't say anything about the preferences of the interior decoration , anyway , it makes us choice .
We 're excited about a product that we 're building that now has more engaged in the process .
To summarize .
I 've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the options : <unk> , eliminating strange alternatives -- <unk> , do it real ; we can handle more categories with less options ; we 're treating complexity .
All these techniques that I showed you were designed to help handle the alternatives , or better , for you , to use them in their business , or for people who serve .
It 's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful when you pick .
And the more careful we will be in our choices better , we can practice the art of choice .
Thank you very much .
In the 1980s , in communist Eastern Germany , if you had a typewriter , I had to <unk> the government .
You had to record a piece of text from an example with the machine .
And this for the government to track the origin of texts .
If they found a writing with the wrong message , they could track the footprint to the origin of the idea .
In the West , we do n't imagine someone could do this , how much this is going to give us the freedom of speech .
We would never do that in our countries .
But today , in 2011 , if you buy a laser printer of any big manufacturing printer and print a page , that page will end up having a little yellow little printed dots on each page , which is going to be a pattern that makes them both of them and their printer .
That 's happening to us today .
And nobody seems very much like this .
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us , the citizens .
And it 's one of the three major causes of problems in the network .
If you look at what happens in the online world , we can bridge the attacks on its attackers .
There are three main groups .
The cybercriminals are cybercriminals .
Like Mr. Dimitry <unk> from the city in Kiev , in Ukraine .
The cybercriminals 's cellphone is very easy to understand .
These guys make money .
They use cyberattacks to make a lot of money , huge amounts .
There 's really many cases of millionaires online , multi-billion-dollar , that <unk> money with their attacks .
This is Vladimir <unk> , <unk> , Estonia .
This is Alfred Gonzalez .
This is Stephen Watt .
This is <unk> <unk> .
These are Matthew Anderson , he 's <unk> <unk> etc. , etc. , etc .
These guys do their fortunes online , but they 're doing illegal means by illegal trojans , to steal money from our bills when we buy online , or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy on a infected computer .
The secret secret of America , two months ago , froze the Swiss account of this guy , Sam Jain , and this one has got a million dollars when it was frozen .
Mr. Jain is going away , you know , his stop .
And I say that today is more likely than any of us are a victim of a real crime .
And it 's very obvious that this is going to be worse in worse .
In the future , most of the crimes happen online .
The second group in importance that we 're seeing today is not motivated by money .
There 's another thing that moves them , they motivate the protests , they motivate their opinions , they motivate them to laughter .
Groups like Anonymous have been killed in the last 12 months occupying a prominent role in online attacks .
Those are the three major bombers -- criminals who make it for money , the <unk> like Anonymous who do that for protest , and the last group are the national governments that attack .
And then we see cases like <unk> .
That 's a nice government attack against its own citizens .
<unk> is an authority authority from the Netherlands , or actually , it was .
<unk> the last fall from a <unk> .
They took the safety of the site , and they sold a <unk> .
Last week I asked , in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government , I asked one of the leaders if they found one of the leaders to give rise to people 's death because of the attack to <unk> .
And the answer of it was yes .
So how do people die from an attack of these ?
<unk> is an <unk> authority .
They were certified .
What do the certificates do ?
Well , you need if you have a website with <unk> , <unk> services , services like Gmail .
Except to intercept a foreign Hindu authority .
And they gave birth certificates .
And in the case of <unk> happened exactly that .
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened , for example , in Egypt ?
Well , in Egypt <unk> protesters , the headquarters at the headquarters , in April 2011 , and during the buildings alone , they found a lot of papers .
Among those papers was this folder called `` <unk> . ''
And within that folder , there were notes from a company based in Germany that had been sold in the Egyptian government for <unk> communications communications communications .
They had this tool for 280 thousand euros to the Egyptian government .
The company headquarters is right here .
So , Western governments provide us tools for totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens .
But Western governments also do this .
For example , in Germany , just a couple of weeks ago , I found <unk> <unk> ; a <unk> used by government officials to investigate their own citizens .
If you 're suspicious in a good criminal case , it 's pretty obvious that your phone is <unk> .
But today it goes beyond .
It <unk> the Internet connection .
<unk> even tools like <unk> <unk> to infect our computer with an <unk> to allow them to see all the communication , and listen to the discussions online , to get our data .
When we think carefully about things like this obvious answer should be `` Well , it seems a bad thing , but actually it does n't really affect me because I 'm an honest citizen .
Why worry ?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument does n't make sense .
It 's playing privacy .
Privacy is no dispute .
It 's not a question of privacy against security .
It 's about freedom against control .
If we could rely on our governments today , in 2011 , any right that we 're going to call today , will be forever .
Do you blindly blindly pay into any future government , in an administration that could be within 50 years ?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years .
Here 's where I live . I live in Kenya , in the south part of Nairobi National Park .
These are the cows of my dad , at the bottom , and behind cows , the National Park in Nairobi .
The National Park in Nairobi does not have fences at most of the south , which means that wild animals like zebras migrate out of the park .
And predators , like lions , they follow , and this is what they do .
It enhances our livestock .
This is one of those who killed at night , and as soon as we got up in the morning , and I found him dead really bad because it was the only bull we had .
My community , the <unk> , we think we came out of the sky with our animals and all the land for <unk> , and so we value them so much .
So I grew up to hate lions .
People were dying are warriors who protect our community and livestock , and they 're also upset with the problem .
So they kill lions .
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi .
I think that 's why there are so few in the National Park in Nairobi .
A child in my community , from six to nine years , is responsible for livestock from his father , and this was the same thing as to me .
So I had to find a way to solve this problem .
My first idea was to use fire , because I thought lions were scared .
But I realized that actually this did n't work , because even helped the lions see the pen away .
I did n't give up . He went on .
A second idea was to use a <unk> .
I was trying to trick lions so they believed that I was near the pen .
But lions are very smart . They came the first day and they came the <unk> , and they came up , but the second day , they came back and said , `` This thing does n't move , it 's always here . So , jumped and killed animals .
So one night I was walking around the pen with a torch , and that day the lions did n't come .
The lions are afraid of the light that moves .
So I had an idea .
And I got a switch that he lit up and off the lights .
And this is a little bottle lamp lamp .
<unk> everything .
As you can see , the solar panel picks up the battery and the battery <unk> the electricity into the small box <unk> . I call it a transformative .
And the <unk> box makes the lights off .
As you can see , the <unk> go out , because that 's where lions come from .
And this is what lions see when they come from night .
The lights on <unk> and <unk> lions to think that I 'm walking through the pen , but I 'm sleeping in my bed .
Thank you .
So I put them in my house two years ago , and since then , we never got trouble with lions .
And the neighborhood 's houses heard of the idea .
One of them is this grandmother .
She had killed a lot of animals , and he asked me if I could put the lights .
I said yes .
I put them up . You can see at the bottom , these are the lights for lions .
Since then , I 've installed them in seven houses in my community and they 're serving a lot .
And my idea is also used now from all Kenya , to scare other predators like hyenas , leopards , and it 's also being used to scare elephants from farms .
Thanks to this invention , I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya , <unk> School School , and I 'm very excited .
My new school is now helping to raise funds and <unk> .
I even led my friends to my community , and we installed lights in the houses that do n't have them , and I teach them how to put them .
So , a year ago , I was just a kid in the savanna meadows <unk> the cows of my father , and he used to see airplanes fly , and he said that someday it would be within one .
And here I am .
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED .
My great dream is to come to being an engineer and a pilot when I grow up .
I used to hate lions , but now as my invention is saving your dad and lions , we can be with lions without any conflict .
<unk> <unk> . What in my tongue means , thank you very much .
Chris Anderson : Do n't you picture how exciting it is to listen to a story like you .
So you get a scholarship . Richard <unk> : Yes .
CA : You 're working on other electrical inventions .
What 's the next on your list ?
<unk> : My next invention is -- I want to do an electrical fence . CA : An electrical fence ?
<unk> : I know it 's already invented the electrical fences , but I want to make mine .
CA : I 'm going to repeat it once , right ? And you ... <unk> : I 've tried to do it before , but I stopped because I got a <unk> . CA : <unk> 's foot . Richard <unk> , you 're something big .
We 're going to put it on every step you give , friend of mine .
Thank you very much . <unk> : Thank you very much .
When I was a little , I thought my country was the best on the planet .
And I grew up singing a song called `` No <unk> . ''
And I felt very proud .
In school , we would spend all the time studying the history of Kim <unk> , but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world , except America , South Korea , Japan is the enemies .
Even though I was wondering about the rest of the world , I thought I 'd spent my entire life in North Korea , until everything changed all of a sudden .
When I was seven , I saw my first public execution .
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal .
My family was not poor , and I was never hungry .
But one day , in 1995 , my mom brought home a letter from my colleague of my sister .
That said , `` When I put this , the five members of the family will stop in this world , because we have n't eaten in the last two weeks .
We 're <unk> together on the floor , and our bodies are so weak , we 're ready to die . ''
It was very altered .
It was the first time I heard people were suffering in my country .
At the time , when I was walking in front of the train station , I saw something terrible I can not erase from my memory .
A woman with no life was dead in the street , holding a child in his arms looking at her mother 's face without being able to do anything .
No one helped them , because they were very concerned to take care of themselves and their families .
A huge famine ripped straight to North Korea in the middle of the '90s .
In the end , over a million North Koreans died during famine , and only few survived eating grass , insects and cortex .
They also became more and more frequent power cuts , everything around me was completely in the dark at night except for sea lights in China , barely crossed the river from my home .
I always wondered why they had light and us not .
This is a satellite satellite photograph at night compared to the neighboring countries .
This is the <unk> river , which serves for North Korea and China .
As you can see , the river can be very narrow at certain points , allowing North Koreans to cross .
But many people die .
Sometimes , I saw bodies floating around in the river .
I ca n't reveal the details of how I left North Korea , but I can only say that during the years of famine , I was sent to China to live with distant relatives .
But I just thought I 'd be separated from my family for short time .
I could never have imagined it would take 14 years to live together .
In China , it was hard to live as a young woman without my family .
I had no idea what life would be like as refugee refugee .
But soon I learned that it 's not just very difficult , but dangerous , because the refugees North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants .
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed , and it would be <unk> to a horrible fate back in North Korea .
One day , my worst nightmare became true , when I was arrested for the Chinese police , and I was arrested at the police station .
Somebody had been charged with being <unk> , so I put up my skills in the Chinese language , and they asked me many questions .
I was <unk> .
I thought my heart was going to blow up .
If it did n't seem natural , it could be incarcerated and <unk> .
I thought my life was going to finish .
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions .
At the end of the interrogation , one officer told another , `` This was a false report . She 's not <unk> . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle .
Some North Koreans in China seek asylum in foreign embassies .
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and <unk> .
These women were very lucky .
While you had caught them , they were eventually released after an international pressure on international pressure .
These North Koreans did n't be so much lucky .
Every year , countless North Koreans are caught in China and <unk> North Korea , where they 're tortured , incarcerated or executed in public .
Although I was fortunate to escape , many other North Koreans have n't had so much luck .
It 's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive .
Even after learning a new language , and finding work , all the world can be done in a moment .
That 's why , after 10 years of hiding my identity , I decided to risk going to South Korea going to South Korea .
And I started a new life again .
<unk> in South Korea was a much bigger challenge of what I expected .
English was very important in South Korea , I had to start learning my third language .
Also , I understood that there was a great gap between North and South .
We 're all Koreans , but in the inside , we 've come to be very different because of 67 years of division .
I even went through an identity crisis .
Am I <unk> or <unk> ?
Where am I ? Who am I ?
Suddenly there was no country I could call pride of mine .
Even though we went to life in South Korea was not easy , I did a plan . I started studying for the income test at University .
Just when I was starting to <unk> my new life , I got an alarming call .
The North Korea authorities had some money that sent my family to my family , and as punishment , my family was going to be moved to the force to a location outside outside .
They had to flee immediately .
So I began to plan how to help them escape .
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way towards freedom .
It 's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea .
So ironically , I took a flight to China and walked to the border of North Korea .
Because my family could n't speak Chinese , I had to take you out , in some way , over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia .
The journey at <unk> took a week , and we almost went stuck several times .
Once , our bus was detained and addressed by a Chinese police officer .
He asked all of them , and he started asking them questions .
As my family could n't understand Chinese , I thought my family was going to be arrested .
When the Chinese official came up to my family , I stood up and I told him that they were <unk> who I was accompanying .
He looked at me <unk> , but fortunately I thought .
We did all the way to the <unk> border .
But I had to spend almost all of my money to bribe border guards .
But even after spending the border , my family was arrested and incarcerated because of crossing the border illegally .
After paying tickets and bribes , my family was released in a month .
But at the time , my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of <unk> .
This was one of the lowest points in my life .
I did all for releasing my family , and we were so close , but my family was <unk> in prison a short distance from the South Korean embassy .
I was going and came between the immigration office and the police station , desperately trying to liberate my family .
But I did n't have enough money to pay more bribes or speeding tickets .
I lost hope .
At that time , or a man 's voice wonder , `` What 's the problem ? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would ask to ask .
With my poor English and with a dictionary , I told him the situation , and no doubt , the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and another two North Koreans and take them out .
I thank you all my heart , and I asked him , `` Why help me ? ''
`` I 'm not helping you , '' he said .
`` I 'm helping the <unk> people . ''
I realized that was a symbolic moment in my life .
The nice stranger to <unk> a new hope for me and for the <unk> people when we needed it .
And I showed me that the kindness of strangers and the international community are really the rays of hope that the <unk> people need .
Over time , after our long journey , my family and I met in South Korea .
But to achieve their freedom is only half the battle .
Many North Koreans are separated from their families and when they went to a new country , they start with a little bit or nothing of money .
Therefore , we can benefit from the international community with education , practices of English , labor practices , and more .
We can also act as a bridge between people in North Korea and the rest of the world .
Because a lot of us remain in contact with familiar with still inside , and we send information and money that 's helping to change North Korea from the inside .
I 've been very lucky , I 've received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life , so I want to help North Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support .
I 'm sure you 're going to see more and more North North Koreans , including the TED stage .
Thank you .
I live in South Center .
This is South <unk> : <unk> stores , fast food , <unk> land .
So the city planners got together and they thought , we 're going to change the name of the South Center for it to represent something else , so they changed it to Los Angeles , as if this is really <unk> what 's really wrong in the city .
This is the South Los Angeles , <unk> <unk> , fast food , <unk> land .
Just like we got millions of other Americans live in a food desert , Los Angeles Center , home from food places to take and eat in the car .
The kicker is that the places of food to bring more people out of food in the car .
People are dying of illness curable in Los Angeles Center .
For example , the rate of obesity in my neighborhood is five times greater than , let 's say , <unk> Hills , which is about 15 miles away .
I emphasize that that happens .
And I wonder how would you feel if you did n't have access to healthy food , and if every time you go out of the house , you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood ?
I see chairs from wheels bought and sold as a product that 's used .
I see dialysis centers like Starbucks .
And I consider this to stop .
I think the problem is the solution .
The food is the problem , and it 's the solution .
And then I got tired of driving 45 minutes away and forth to buy an apple that has no pesticides .
What I did , it was planting a food forest in front of my house .
In a band of land we call a gardening .
It 's about 45 feet by three feet .
The point is , it belongs to the city .
But you have to keep it .
I said , `` Well , I can do what comes to me in wins , because it 's my responsibility , and I have to keep it . ''
So this is how I decided to keep it .
So my group and I , L.A. Green <unk> , we put us together and started planting our food forest , <unk> trees , you know , nine whole vegetables .
What we do , we 're a kind of paid group in advance for gardeners of all the backgrounds , all of the city and fully voluntary , and everything we do is free .
And the garden , it was beautiful .
Then someone complained .
The city stand up to me , and I basically got a <unk> saying that I had to remove my garden , the <unk> made court .
And I was like , `` Come on , really ?
A warrant for planting food in a piece of land that nobody cares ? '' And so I was like , `` Well , let 's go . ''
Because this time was n't going to happen .
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve <unk> , and I spoke with the <unk> and one of the Green <unk> members , who put a petition in Change.org , with 900 signatures , we were a success .
We had the victory in our hands .
My <unk> even called to say they supported and loved what we were doing .
I mean , we go , why not ?
L.A. is the city of America with more <unk> land .
It 's <unk> <unk> terrain .
That 's 20 Central Central .
That 's enough space for planting millions of tomato plants .
Why the hell do n't you look like this ?
It 's a plant plant , 10,000 seeds .
When a dollar of <unk> will give you 75 dollars of output .
It 's my hymn , when I tell people , they cultivate your own food .
<unk> your own food is like printing your own money .
You see , I have a legacy for the South Center .
I grew up there . I got my kids out there .
I 'm going to become part of this <unk> reality that was <unk> to me for others , and I 'm going to manufacture my own reality .
You see , I 'm an artist .
<unk> is my graffiti , I grow my art .
As an artist of graffiti , that <unk> walls , I ate soils , <unk> .
I use the garden , the land , as a piece of canvas , and the plants and the trees , are my <unk> of that canvas .
You 'd be surprised to see what the land can do . If you let it be their canvas .
You just ca n't imagine what amazing is a sunflower and how it affects people .
What happened ?
I witnessed how my garden became an education tool , of my neighborhood .
To change the community , you have to change the composition of land .
We are the land .
You 'd be surprised to see how it affects the kids .
<unk> is the most therapeutic act , and provocative you can do , especially in a <unk> .
Also , you get strawberries .
I remember one time , who came to a mother and her daughter , were like the 10:30 a.m. at night , and they were in my garden , I went out and looked very <unk> .
I , you know , man , I felt bad you were there , and I said , you know , you do n't have to do this .
This is on the street for one reason .
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hunger , and this just reinforces why I do this , people ask me , `` End , not that people go to steal your food ? ''
I say , `` Oh God , no , I 'm not afraid you 're going to steal . ''
That 's in the street .
That 's what it 's about .
I want you to take it , but again , I want you to raise your health . ''
There was another time when I put a garden in a <unk> shelter in downtown Los Angeles .
They were these guys , they helped me to download the truck .
It was fabulous , they shared their stories about how this had affected them , and how they used to plant his mom and her grandmother , and it was fabulous to see how this changed , so just for a moment .
So , Green <unk> has come to plant maybe 20 gardens .
We 've had , like 50 people who come from , work and participate , all in voluntary plan .
If the kids are growing <unk> , the kids will eat snuck .
If you grow tomatoes , they eat tomatoes -- but if none of this are taught , if you do n't teach them how food affects the mind and the body , they eat blind what they 're going to put in front of them .
I see young people who want to work , but they have this thing that they 're stuck . I see color who are on this path designed for them , which does n't take them anywhere .
By gardening , I see an opportunity where we can train these kids out of their communities to have a sustainable life .
And when we do this , who knows ?
Maybe you get the next George Washington <unk> .
But if we do n't change the composition of land , we never will .
Now this is one of my plans , this is something I want to do .
I want to plant all a block from gardens , where people can share food in the same block .
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee .
Do n't get me wrong .
I 'm not talking about free things , because free is not sustainable .
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to <unk> .
What I 'm talking about is putting people out of the street , take the kids off the street , who know the joy , the honor and the honor of growing their own food , opening markets .
What I want to do here , we have to make it sexy .
I want everybody to become <unk> <unk> , <unk> , gardeners <unk> .
We have to change the script of what 's a <unk> .
If you 're not an gardener , you 're not a <unk> .
Do you want them to take your sword right ?
That 's your weapon of choice .
In fact , if you want to meet with me , well , if you want to see me , you do n't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and having meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit .
If you want to see me , come to the garden with your shovel so we can plant something .
Peace . Thank you .
Thank you .
( <unk> sound ) You 'll probably all agree with me in which this is a very nice road .
It 's made out of asphalt , and the asphalt is a good material to drive , but not always , especially in days as today , that it rains a lot .
You can have a lot of water on the asphalt that comes out .
And especially if you go on your bike and these cars go , that 's not very nice .
Also , the asphalt can make a lot of noise .
It 's a noisy material , and if we build roads , like in the Netherlands , very close to the cities , we would want a silent highway .
The solution for that is to make roads of asphalt asphalt .
<unk> <unk> , a material that we 're using now in most of the roads in the Netherlands , has pores and water can pass through it , so all the rain of rain flow sideways , and you 'll have a road that 's easy to drive , and it 's not <unk> water .
The noise also disappear in these pores .
Because it 's very hollow , the whole noise disappear , so it 's a very quiet road .
It also has some disadvantages , of course , and the downside of this highway is that it can get rid of .
What is to get rid of ? See that on this road stone stones on the surface .
First stone , then several more and more and more and so on , and then -- well , I 'm not going to do that . But they can hurt their windshield , and they wo n't be happy with that .
And finally , this can also bring more and more damage .
Sometimes you can create holes with that .
Ah , it 's ready .
<unk> , of course , that you can become a problem , but we have a solution .
Here you can actually see the damage that damage appears in this material .
It 's a asphalt cliff , as I said , so it only has a little bit of <unk> between the stones .
Because of the power , the ultraviolet light , to iron , this <unk> , this <unk> , the glue between the <unk> , <unk> , and if you get <unk> , and you 're going to break down from the <unk> .
So , if you drive on the road , you 'll get the <unk> -- like we saw here .
To solve this problem , we think about <unk> materials .
If we can make this material <unk> , then we probably have a solution .
So what we can do is use steel wool , that to clean up <unk> , and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks , and we can mix these little pieces with the <unk> .
So we have asphalt with little pieces of steel wool on it .
Then you need a machine , like you see here , which you use to cook -- a induction machine .
The induction can heat , especially steel , it 's very good at that .
So what you need to do is heat the steel , melt the <unk> , the <unk> flow by these <unk> , and the stones will fall back into the surface .
Today I used a microwave oven , because I ca n't bring the big induction machine here onstage .
The microwave oven is a similar system .
I put the show up , which I 'm going to take you out to see what happened .
This is the show that comes out now .
I said we have this industrial guy in the lab to heat the samples .
We tried a lot of samples out there and then the government , actually saw our results , and they thought , `` Well , that 's really interesting . We have to try it . ''
So we gave us a little bit of road , 400 meters of the <unk> freeway , where we had to do a lane for test to test this material .
So that 's what we did there . You see where we were doing the test on the road , and then , of course , this highway will last several years without any harm . That 's what we know about practice .
We took lots of samples from this road and test them in the lab .
We did aging the samples , we put a lot of burden on them , and then we 've got a lot of charge on them , and we went back and we went back to them .
We can repeat this many times .
Well , in closing , I can tell you that we 've made a material using steel fibers , incorporating these fibers , using induction , using theoretical energy , actually increase the life of the surface of the road , they can even double the surface of the surface . They actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks .
And now , of course , they 're curious about whether this also worked .
We still have the sample here . It 's pretty hot .
Actually , it 's got to cool first before I can show you how to repair it .
But I 'm going to do an attempt .
Let 's see . Yes , it worked .
Thank you .
When I was 11 years old , I remember having woken up a morning with <unk> sound in my house .
My father was listening to News in his little gray radio .
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual at the time , because the news is generally <unk> .
`` The Taliban were ! '' `` Oh , I screamed my father .
I did n't know what it meant , but I could see my father was very , very happy .
`` Now you can go to a real school , '' he said .
One morning I 'll never forget .
A real school .
You see , I was six years old when the Taliban were stripped out of Afghanistan and made the girls to go to school .
For the next five years , I was struck by a child to escort my older sister , who could n't be alone outside , to go to a secret school .
It was the only way we could educate them .
Every day , we took a different route , so nobody could suspect where we were going .
We had to hide the books in the market for the market to make it seem to be shopping .
School was at a house , over 100 , in a small room .
It was nice in the winter , but extremely warm in summer .
We all knew that we were getting our lives , the teacher , the students and our parents .
Once in the time , the school closed a week , because the Pakistani Taliban .
We always wondered what they knew about us .
Were they following us ?
Did you know where we lived ?
We were <unk> , but yet , school was where we wanted to be .
I was very lucky to grow up in a family where education was <unk> and the daughters 's daughters .
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time .
A complete <unk> of a remote province in Afghanistan , <unk> in which her daughter , my mother , went to school , and so his father was <unk> .
But my educated mother became a teacher .
This is her .
He retired two years ago , just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood .
And my father , this is , was the first of his family to receive education .
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education , even their daughters , despite the Taliban , despite the risks .
For him , there was a higher risk not to educate her children .
Over the years of the Taliban , I remember there moments that I was very frustrated with our life , and I was always scared and I did n't see a future .
I wanted to give up , but my father said , `` <unk> , daughter , you can lose everything you have in life . ''
You can steal your money . You can force yourself to leave your house during a war .
But there 's one thing that will always be with you , which is here , and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education , we 'll do it .
So , do you still want to go on ? ''
I 'm 22 years now .
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war .
Less than six percent of my age of age have more than high school , and if my family had not been so committed to my education , I would be one of them .
Instead , I 'm here proud to graduate at <unk> College .
When I went back to Afghanistan , my grandfather , the one who was serving her home for the courage to educate her daughters , was one of the first to congratulate me .
He did n't just get away from my college degree , but also that I was the first woman , and I 'm the first woman , who 's driving on the streets of Kabul .
My family believes in me .
I dream big , but my family has even bigger dreams for <unk> .
That 's why I 'm the global ambassador for <unk> , a global campaign to educate women .
This is why I cofounded <unk> , the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan , a country where it 's still risky for girls to go to school .
What 's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to take a chance .
And I see her parents and their families that , like my own , would be even though , even though , in front of a very daunting opposition .
As Ahmed . It 's not his real name , and I ca n't show you his face , but Ahmed is the father of one of my students .
Less than a month ago , he and her daughter went from way from <unk> to her village , and literally , he escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road , for minutes .
When he got to his house , they 're the phone , a voice noticed that if he was sending her daughter to school , they would try and try .
`` <unk> , if you want , '' he said , `` but not hurt the future of my daughter for their old and <unk> ideas . ''
What I 've realized from Afghanistan , and it 's something that is often forgotten in the West , is that behind most of us who <unk> , there is a father who recognized the value of her daughter , and it sees that the success of her own success .
It does n't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success .
In fact , they 're often the first compelling <unk> of their daughters , but in the context of a society like the Afghanistan , we need the support of men .
Under the Taliban , girls who went to school , they have a hundred -- remember , it was illegal .
But today , more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan .
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America .
I find that the Americans see the fragility of the changes .
I 'm afraid these changes not last long , after the retreat from the United States troops .
But when I go back to Afghanistan , when I look back to the students in my school and their parents that would be inspired by them , that animate me , I see a foreseeable future and a durable change .
For me , Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities , and every day , <unk> girls remind me .
Like me , they dream big .
Thank you .
Never , I 've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile : `` <unk> , resists Gaddafi , <unk> against him .
But you never go back a style of Gaddafi . ''
It 's been almost two years since that was broke the <unk> revolution inspired by the Tunisian <unk> revolution both of the Tunisian revolution .
A forces with many other <unk> citizens , inside and outside of the country to call a day of anger and starting a revolution against the <unk> regime of Gaddafi .
And we did it ; it was a big revolution .
Women and young men and <unk> men were at the edge , pushing responsibility for freedom , carrying billboards , dignity and social justice .
They 've shown a courage to face the <unk> dictatorship of Gaddafi .
They have shown a great sense of solidarity from the Far East , to the west , to the south .
Finally , after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses from about 50,000 dead , we managed to liberate our country and overthrow the tyrant .
However , Gaddafi left a heavy burden , a legacy of tyranny , corruption and <unk> .
For four decades , the <unk> regime of Gaddafi destroyed the infrastructure , the culture and the moral structure of the <unk> society .
Be aware of the devastation and the challenges , I 've loved , alongside many other women , rebuild society civilian society , pushing a inclusive transition and just towards democracy and national reconciliation .
There were about 200 organizations in <unk> during , and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi , about 300 in <unk> .
After a period of 33 years of exile , I went back to Libya and unique enthusiasm , I started organizing workshops about capabilities development , and leadership skills .
With an amazing group of women , we founded the sun 's demise <unk> by the Peace movement , a movement of women , a very diverse orientation , to advocate for the <unk> of women , and by our right to participation in building democracy and peace .
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the <unk> period ; an environment that was increasingly <unk> , which is <unk> of the selfish policies of domination and exclusion .
Over time , our initiative was approved and successful .
Women won a <unk> percent of the National Congress in the first elections in 52 years .
However , shortly , the elation of elections and revolution and revolution as a whole , were disappearing ; every day we found news from violence .
We woke up with the news of the <unk> of ancient mosques and Sufi graves .
Another day , we had the news of the murder of the American ambassador and the attack in <unk> .
Another day we woke up with the news of the army murder of the army .
And every day , every day we woke up with the militias of militias and their full violations of human rights from prisoners and their lack of respect to the law .
Our society , made out of a revolutionary mentality , become more and away from the ideals and principles of freedom , dignity , social justice , that we had at the beginning .
intolerance , <unk> and vengeance became the icons of the consequences of the revolution .
I 'm not here today at all to inspire us with our success story of the `` <unk> list '' success .
So , I 'm here today to tell you that we , as a nation , we choose bad , we make the wrong decision .
We do n't prioritize well .
Because elections were not brought in peace , stability and security in Libya .
The <unk> list and the <unk> between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation ?
No , they did n't .
What happened then ?
Why are our society still polarized and dominated with selfish policies of dominance and exclusion , both by men as a women ?
Perhaps what missed was not just women , but women 's values , mercy and inclusion .
Our society needs national dialogue and community creation more than I needed elections , that we only love polarization and divide .
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the feminine thing to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it .
We need to stop acting as an outrage of outrage , and call days of anger .
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy .
We need to develop a female speech , not just <unk> , but it also puts mercy for vengeance , the collaboration rather than the competition , inclusion rather than exclusion .
These are the ideals that Libya , shattered by war , needs desperately to reach peace .
Because peace has a alchemy that 's about <unk> and <unk> between female perspectives and male perspectives .
That 's the real <unk> .
We need to establish that in an existential way before they do it <unk> .
According to a <unk> <unk> -- the peace -- `` is the word of God merciful , <unk> , compassionate . ''
At the time , the word `` <unk> , '' which is known in all of the <unk> traditions , has the same root in Arabic than the word `` <unk> '' -- the uterus -- and <unk> the feminine and maternal , which unfolds in the entire humanity that men and women , that all tribes and all the towns have brought together .
And so , like the uterus cover the embryo completely , that it grows inside the inside , the divine matrix of compassion is the very divine matrix of compassion .
It 's like , `` My mercy takes all of things . ''
This is how we say , `` My mercy is prevalent in my anger . ''
That all of us will become the grace of mercy .
Thank you .
I 'm here today to talk to you about a disturbing question , which has an equally disturbing response .
It 's about the secrets of domestic violence , and the question I 'm going to address is that everybody does -- why is she left ?
Why was someone going to stay with a man who sticks him ?
I 'm not a psychiatrist , no social worker , not an expert in domestic violence .
I 'm just a woman with a story to tell .
I was 22 . I was just at Harvard University .
I had moved to New York by my first job as a writer and an editor at <unk> magazine .
I had my first apartment , my first <unk> green girl Express , and I had a very big secret .
My secret was that many , many times , the man , who I believed my twin soul , was going to go on my head with a gun , <unk> with <unk> bullets .
The man , who I loved more than anyone in this world , put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember .
I 'm here to tell you the story of `` crazy love , '' a psychological trap , in love where every year millions of women , and even some men .
It could be his story .
I do n't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence .
I 'm <unk> in English at Harvard University and I have an MBA at <unk> Business School .
I 've spent the most part of my career working on the list of 500 <unk> companies , between Johnson & Johnson , Leo <unk> and the Washington Post .
I 'm almost 20 years married with my second husband , and we have three children .
My dog is a black speaker and lead a <unk> <unk> Odyssey .
So my first message to you is that domestic violence can pass to anyone , all races , all religions , all the levels of income and education .
It 's everywhere .
And my second message is that everybody thinks domestic violence happens to women , which is a problem of women .
Not exactly .
More than 85 percent of <unk> are men , and domestic abuse just happens in intimate , interdependent , <unk> duration , or , in another way , in families , the last place we would want or we would expect to find violence -- because of which , domestic abuse is so puzzling .
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would be left with a man who sticks it , and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age .
He was 22 years old , and in the United States , women 's women between 16 and 24 years old have three times as likely to be victims of domestic violence , which of other ages , and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples , boyfriends and abusive husbands in the United States .
I was also a typical victim , because I did n't know anything about domestic violence , your warning signals or the patterns .
I met <unk> on a cold , rainy rainy night .
I was sitting next to my side in New York City , and he started <unk> with me .
She said two things .
The first one was that he also had just been from a university university university , and I was working in a very important bank of Wall Street .
But what struck me more impressed to me on that first encounter was that it was ready and fun , and he looked like a field of the field .
He had big <unk> and apples , and a blond hair hair , and it seemed so sweet .
One of the most intelligent things that made it <unk> , from the beginning , was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner .
He did it mostly on a pedestal .
We started out , and he loved everything about me , which was ready , who had gone to Harvard , that I wore passion in helping teenage girls , and my work .
I wanted to know all about my family , my childhood , my dreams and illusions .
<unk> believed in me , as a writer and as a woman , as nobody had ever done .
And it was why the undergraduate degree in that little school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him .
I did n't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is seduced and <unk> to the victim .
And I did n't know that the second step is <unk> .
Now the last thing I wanted to do was go from New York and I was going to leave my dreams of my dreams , but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner , so I accepted , I left my job and <unk> and I went together in Manhattan .
I had no idea that I was falling in a `` crazy love , '' which was entering a head in physical and financial , carefully engineered .
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts .
And here 's where those guns come in .
As soon as we moved to New England , you know , that place where I was supposed to feel so sure she had three guns .
One was in the <unk> of the car .
Another he kept under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket .
And he said that I needed those guns because of the trauma that lived small .
I needed them to be sure .
But those guns actually were a message for me , and , although I had never raised my hand , my life was already in danger , every minute every day .
The first physical attack in <unk> came five days before our wedding .
It was seven in the morning and still had the <unk> .
Five days later , when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared , I put my mother 's sweetheart and I married him .
Despite what had happened , I was sure that we were living happily ever , because I loved her , and he also wanted me a lot .
And I was very , very sensitive .
It had just been very overwhelmed with the wedding and the fact of making a family with me .
It had been an isolated accident , and I never would be able to hurt me .
I spent two times more in our honey moon .
The first time I was driving into a secret beach , and I lost , and he gave me so strong in the head that I 'd come through several times against the car window .
And then a couple of days later , driving back from our <unk> , sat down for the traffic , and threw me a Big Mac Mac on the face .
<unk> followed me , one or two times a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage .
I was struck when I thought it was the only one in this situation .
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life , and the Center for Disease Control that every year 15 million children are abused , 15 million .
So , actually , I had very good company .
Going back to my question : Why did I stand ?
The answer is simple .
I did n't know he was abusing me .
On the contrary , I was a very strong woman , in love with a deeply <unk> man , and it was the only person in the world who could help guide them to deal with their demons .
The other question that everybody does is , `` Why would n't you just go ? ''
Why did n't I go ? I could have been at any time .
To me , this is the most sad and painful question that people , because we , the victims , we know something that you 're all ignore : it 's incredibly dangerous to abandon a <unk> .
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is kill her .
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence are happening after the victim has finished the relationship , after getting out , because then the <unk> has nothing to lose .
Other implications include the permanent harassment , even after the <unk> has returned to married , but after the <unk> has returned to married , if they 're going to get married to the victim and their children , that they 're usually forced by judges to spend time not with the man who <unk> their mother .
And we 're still asking why it just does n't go ?
I was able to go , because of a last <unk> beat that beat my denial .
I realized that the man who loved so much , would have killed me if it had been allowed .
So , I broke the silence .
I told everybody about the world : the police , my neighbors , my friends and family , to whole strangers , and I 'm here today because you all helped me .
We have the tendency to <unk> the victims as spooky headlines , women <unk> , damaged assets .
The question , `` Why is it left ? ''
For some people , it 's a way to say `` blame is to stay , '' as if the <unk> victims intentionally fall in love with men who want to destroy .
But since I posted `` Love love '' -- I 've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who also escaped , who learned a lesson worthy of what happened to them , and that will promote their lives joyful and happy lives as businesses , wives and mothers , completely free lives of violence , like mine .
Because it turns out that I 'm actually a victim and a survivor of domestic and domestic violence .
I got married with a guy who was cute and nice , and we have those three children .
I have that black man , and also that <unk> .
What would not be <unk> , ever , is a <unk> pistol by my head in the hands of somebody who says it wants to me .
Right now , you 're thinking , `` Oh , <unk> , that 's fascinating ! '' or `` <unk> , what silly it was ! '' but all this time I 've actually been talking about you .
I assure you , there are a few people , who are listening to me right now , who are being abused , and they 're being abused or who were small , or they 're <unk> themselves .
The abuse might be affecting their daughter , their sister , their best friend right now .
I was able to end my particular love <unk> silence .
And I keep doing it today .
It 's my way to help other victims , and it 's my last request to you .
Talk about what you 've heard here .
abuse promotes only in silence .
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light on it .
The victims need everybody .
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence .
Take the abuse of the light by talking about it with your kids , your coworkers , your friends and family .
They brought their vision of survivors as fantastic and charming , who have a full future .
And we had the initial signs of violence to intervene consciously to slow down and show the victims a safe output .
Together we can turn our beds , our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis should be .
Thank you .
Hi . I call that Cameron Russell , and for a while , I 'm a model .
To be precise , for 10 years .
And I feel like , right now , there 's an uncomfortable tension in the room because it should n't have dress like that , luckily , I brought clothes to change .
This is the first change of clothes on a TED stage -- so you 're very lucky , I think .
If some of the women are going to be stuck when I come up , they do n't have to tell now , but I 'll find out later on Twitter .
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about myself just 10 seconds .
Not everybody has that opportunity .
These heels are very uncomfortable , less bad than I do n't have to use them .
The worst part is to spend this sweater by the head , because it 's when you 're going to laugh at me , so you do n't do anything as you cover your head .
All right .
Why have I done this ?
It 's been embarrassing .
Well , I hope not as much as this picture .
The appearance is powerful , but it 's also <unk> .
I 've totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds .
And in this picture , I had never had a boyfriend in real life .
And it was totally uncomfortable and the photographer was telling me that I would take the back to the hair 's hair .
Of course , except with surgery , or an artificial <unk> like the one that I made two days ago for the work , there are very little that we can do to transform our way , which , although shallow and unchanging , has a huge impact on our lives .
So today , to me , being brave means to be honest .
I 'm on this stage because I 'm a model .
Because I 'm a nice , white woman , and in my working sector , that 's a sexy girl .
I 'm going to answer the questions that people always do me , but in a sincere way .
The first question is , how do you get to a model ?
And I always say , `` A <unk> discovered me , but that does n't mean anything .
The real reason I made it a model is because I won the genetic lottery , and I 'm a beneficiary of a heritage , and maybe you 're wondering what this heritage is .
Well , in the last few centuries , we have not only defined beauty as health , youth and symmetry , which we are biologically programmed to admire , we 've also associated with a high and <unk> shape , to womanhood and to a white skin .
And that 's my heritage , heritage that I 've known to tap in to make money .
And I know there are people in the audience who are now showing skeptical , and maybe there 's some <unk> lovers than you say -- wait . There are Naomi , <unk> , Joan <unk> , Liu Liu .
First of all , you know , how much models . It 's amazing .
But unfortunately , I have to report that in 2007 , a Ph.D. student from the University of New York told all and each of the models in the <unk> , and the <unk> models contract , just 27 , is to say less than four percent , not white .
The next question that people always do to me is : Can it be a model when it 's bigger ?
And my first answer is , I do n't know , I 'm not commissioned by that .
But then , what I would say to each of these girls is : Why ? You can be whatever you want .
You can be president of the United States , or the inventor of the next Internet , or a surgeon <unk> ninja and a poet , which would be awesome , because you 're the first one .
If after this spectacular list , they still insist , no , no , Cameron , I want to be a model , then I say , yeah my boss .
Because I 'm not in charge of anything , and you could be the head of the American <unk> magazine , or the director of H & M , or the next Steven <unk> .
To say you more like to be a model is to say you want to win the lottery when you 're greater .
It 's out of your control , it 's amazing , and it 's not a job that you can choose .
I 'm going to demonstrate to you all that I learned in 10 years as a model , because unlike <unk> surgery , can be summarized right now .
I do n't know what happened there .
Sadly , once your studies have done , and you have a curriculum and a few jobs on your back , no matter what you want to be like , you want to be president of the United States , but your curriculum would say , `` Model of underwear for 10 years , people would look weird .
The next question that people always do is if all the pictures are going to be done .
And yes , it 's pretty much <unk> all the pictures , but that 's just a little bit of what happens .
This was the first picture they took me , and also the first time I used a bikini , and I did n't even have my period yet .
I know we 're entering the personal ground , but it was a little girl .
So I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier .
These two pictures are the same day .
My friend came with me .
Here I am at a pajama party a few days before the photos for French French .
Here I am with my soccer team and the V magazine .
And this is me today .
And I hope you 'll realize that I 'm not me in these pictures .
They are a creations of a group of professionals , <unk> , <unk> , photographers and <unk> , and all of their <unk> and <unk> people , and they manage to create this . That 's not me .
Well , the next question that people always do to me is : Do we do free things ?
I have too many three-inch heel and I never use , except for the previous couple , but the privilege that I get on are the ones I get in real life , and the ones that we do n't like to talk about .
I grew up in Cambridge , and I once went to a store and I forgot to take money , and they gave me the dress for free .
When I was a teenager , I was traveling with my friend who was a very bad driver ; he jumped a red light , and , of course , they stood up in red , and it took a Sorry , an agent in order to keep driving .
I love this privilege for me , not because of what I am , and there are people who are paying a price on their way no matter who they are .
I live in New York , and last year , from <unk> teenagers who were mad and recorded , 86 and Latino were black and Latino , and most of them were young men .
And there 's only <unk> black and Latino men in New York , so that , for them , is n't a question of <unk> me ?
But how many times do I get stuck ? And when ?
By researching for this talk , I found out that by 53 percent of the <unk> girls in the United States , they do n't like their body , and that figure comes up to 78 percent at 17 .
So the last question that people ask me is , `` How is it the life of a model ?
And I think the answer you expect is : If you 're a little thinner and you have the brighter hair , you 'll feel very happy and wonderful .
And behind the cameras , we give an answer that maybe looks like it .
We say , it 's really wonderful to travel , and also amazing power to work with creative and creative people .
And all of that is true , but it 's just a part of what happens , because what 's going on in front of the cameras , which I have never said in front of them , is : I 'm insecure .
And I 'm because I have to worry about me every day .
And if you ever ask , with a little thinner and the brightest hair , it will be happier ?
They just have to meet a group of models , because they have the thinner legs , the brightest hair and their clothes more than fashion , but probably the most insecure women on the planet .
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of race and gender oppression when I am one of the biggest <unk> .
If there 's something to hold on this talk , I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image of the perception of success and failure .
Thank you .
Photography has been my passion since I was enough to support a camera , but I want to share with you my 15 more cool pictures , and I did n't know the one who pulled them out .
There were no artistic directors , no <unk> , no opportunity to repeat the photos , not even very very careful in the lighting .
In fact , most of them were taken by random tourists .
My story begins when , meeting in New York City to give a lecture , my wife took this picture , holding my daughter on the day of his first birthday , and that 's the corner of 57 and five .
He gave back to New York just a year later , so we decided to take the same picture .
Well , you can imagine what comes right now .
When I was approaching the third birthday of my daughter , my wife said , `` Why do n't you take you back to New York on a <unk> trip and continue to continue ? ''
So here is when we started asking tourists that were going to get us out of the picture .
It 's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a whole stranger is so universal .
No one has never been denied and , fortunately , no one has ever had to do with the camera .
So we were n't aware of how much life would change this journey .
It became something sacred for us .
This picture is from a few weeks after the <unk> and I had to explain to my daughter that had happened that day that a five-year-old could understand it .
These pictures are much more than representations of a particular moment or a specific journey .
It 's also a way to stop the time in October week and to think about our time and our evolution over the years , and not just at the physical level , but in all the senses .
Because , although we always take the same picture , our perspective changes , my daughter gets new milestones , and I can see the life through their eyes and how they perceive and interact with everything .
That time in particular that we spend together is something we hope for the entire year .
Recently , on one of the trips , we were walking , when all of a sudden he stopped in dry and pointed out a red <unk> of the wrists store that I loved little <unk> in previous visits .
And he described to me what was five years of foot in that same place .
<unk> that he reminded your heart of <unk> to see that place for the first time nine years .
And now what looks in New York are universities , because it 's determined to study in New York .
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we create is memories .
So , I want to share the idea of being active in the conscious creation of memories .
I do n't know about you , but besides these 15 pictures , I do n't go out of many of the family photos .
I always get the picture .
Now , I want to encourage you all to come up in the picture , and you ca n't try and ask you to get close to somebody and ask them , `` Do you take a picture ? ''
Thank you .
I 'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals .
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world .
Researchers are found in the most threatened bird .
First of all , why do you have such bad press ?
It has also been associated with Disney laughs like , dumb , stupid characters .
More recently , if you 've been following the press , <unk> laughter and applause and <unk> these are the attributes that associated with Kenyan Parliament , but I do n't accept it .
I do n't accept it . You know why ?
Because members of Parliament do n't keep the environment clean , they 're not able to help prevent the spread of disease .
They 're hardly monogamous . They 're far from extinct . And , my favorite , rabbits have better presence . There are two types of rabbits on this planet .
There 's the rabbits in the New World who are primarily in the Americas , like <unk> and <unk> , and the rabbits of the Old World , where we have 16 species -- from these 16 , 11 , they face high risk of extinction .
So why are rabbits are important ? First of all , they provide a <unk> reputation .
They 're our gatherers of natural garbage .
They 're going to get their bodies to bone .
They help kill all bacteria , help themselves absorb their anthrax , which is not for them to spread and cause great loss of livestock and diseases in other animals .
Studies recent studies have shown that in areas where there are n't rabbits , the carcasses take three to four times as much time to stand , and this has huge branches in the spread of disease .
Musicians also have a huge historical importance .
They 've been associated with old Egyptian culture .
<unk> was the symbol of the protective and the motherhood and , along with the king cobra , <unk> the unit between the <unk> and below Egypt .
In the Indian mythology , <unk> was the god <unk> , and risked his life to save the <unk> goddess of the Tasmanian devil head .
In <unk> culture , they 're going to be done very important to open open heaven . In places like Tibet , there 's no place to be bury the dead , or wood to <unk> , so these rabbits provide a natural elimination system .
What 's the problem with rabbits ?
We have eight species of rabbits in Kenya , which six are at far endangered .
The reason is that they 're being poisoned , and the reason that they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and wildlife , <unk> communities use this venom against predators , and as a result , rabbits are victims of this .
In southern Asia , in countries like India and Pakistan , four species of rabbits are in the critical list of endangered importance , which means that in less than 10 or 15 years , and the reason is because they fall prey from livestock consumption that has been treated with a drug <unk> like <unk> .
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a position .
Since there 's no rabbits , there 's been a spread in the number of dogs on landfill , and when you have dogs on the street , you have a huge amount of time bomb for anger , the number of cases of anger has increased enormously in India .
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : <unk> <unk> are going to be above Lake Turkana .
I 'm not against wind energy , but we have to work with governments , because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half .
They 're <unk> birds .
In West Africa , there 's a horrible trade from dead rabbits to serve the <unk> and the <unk> market .
So what are you doing ? Well , we 're investigating these birds . We 're <unk> transmitters .
We 're trying to determine its basic ecology and see where they go .
We can see that they travel through different countries , so focusing on an locally , not going to serve anything .
We have to work with governments in the regional levels .
We 're working with local communities .
We 're talking to them about appreciate rabbits , about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they provide .
How can they help ? It can become assets , make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you , we have to focus on these very <unk> creatures , and you 'll take your time to spread the word . It 's the word .
When you get out of this room , you 'll tell you about rabbits , but talk to your families , with your children , with their neighbors about rabbits .
They 're very elegant . Charles Darwin said that it changed an opinion , because he saw it fly without effort in the heavens .
Kenya , this world , will be much more poor without these wonderful species .
Thank you very much .
Each thing I do and all I do professionally -- my life -- it 's been molded by seven years of work during my youth in Africa .
From 1971 to 1977 , I was young , but I 'm no longer . I worked in Zambia , Kenya , Ivory Coast , Algeria and Somalia , in projects of technical cooperation with African countries .
I worked for an Italian NGO , and every project that we set up in Africa I failed .
And he was disturbed .
I thought , at the 21st , that Italians were good people , and we were doing good work in Africa .
Instead , all we had played with it .
Our first project , which inspired my first book , `` <unk> of <unk> , '' was a project where some Italians decided to teach people from Zambia to grow food .
So , we came up with Italian seeds by the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the <unk> River , and we taught the locals growing Italian tomatoes and <unk> and <unk> .
Of course , people were not at all interested in doing that , so they would give them to work , and sometimes they did n't come to work , we were amazed by the local local valley , they would n't have had agriculture .
However , instead of asking you how it was possible that nothing was possible that we just said nothing , we just said , `` Thank God we 're here , '' `` Just for time to save people from Zambia from famine . ''
And of course , everything in Africa became beautifully .
We got these gorgeous tomatoes . In Italy , a tomato would grow up to this size , in Zambia , this size .
And we could n't believe it , we were saying to them , `` Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice , mature and red , overnight , about 200 <unk> came from the river and ate it all , and we said , `` Oh my God , the <unk> ! ''
And the <unk> said , `` Yes , that 's why we do n't have agriculture here . '' `` Why did n't they say ? ''
I thought we only do the Italians make mistakes in Africa , but then , I saw what the Americans were doing , what the English was made , what they were doing the French , and after seeing what they were doing , I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia .
Because , as you see , at least we feed the <unk> .
You can see the waste -- you 'll see the waste that you would tell you to <unk> people in Africa .
He wants to read a book , read `` Tree Award , '' <unk> economist , <unk> economist .
The book was published in 2009 .
We , Western donors , we 've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years .
I 'm not going to tell you about the damage that that money has caused .
Just read your book .
They were part of an African woman , the damage we 've done .
We Westerners , we 're facing the Westerners , an <unk> missionaries , and we treat people only in two ways : or we 're sponsoring them , or we are <unk> .
The two words come from the Latin root `` <unk> , '' which means `` father . ''
However , they mean two different things .
<unk> , I deal with any different culture as if they were my kids . `` I want a lot of you . ''
<unk> , I deal with all of a different culture as if they were my servants .
So white people in Africa are called `` <unk> , '' boss .
That book gave me a slap in the face : `` The little thing is beautiful , '' written by <unk> , who said about all economic development , if people do n't want to be helped , including alone .
This should be the first principle of aid .
The first principle of aid is to respect .
This morning , the guy who opened this conference put a cane on the floor , and he said , `` Can you imagine a city that 's not <unk> ? ''
I decided at 27 years just to respond to people , and I invented a system called <unk> <unk> where you 're never starting anything , you never start any other , but it becomes a servant of local passion , the servant of the local people who have sleep to become a better person .
So , what do you do ? It 's <unk> .
It never comes to a community with an idea , and you sit with the people in the locality .
We do n't work from the offices .
We met in a cafe . We met in a bar .
We have zero infrastructure .
And what do we do ? We become friends , and we found out what the person wants to do .
The most important thing is passion .
You can give you an idea to somebody .
If that person does n't want to do that , what 's going to do ?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing .
The passion that man has for its own personal growth is most important .
And then , we help them find knowledge , because no one in the world can be successful alone .
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge , but knowledge is available .
So years and years ago , I had this idea : Why not us , for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do , why not , for once , listen to them ? But not in community meetings .
Let me tell you a secret .
There 's a problem with community meetings .
The entrepreneurs never solve , and they will never tell you , in a public meeting , what they want to do with their own money , what opportunity they have identified .
So , planning has this blind spot .
The smartest people in their community , you do n't even know them , because they do n't solve their public meetings .
What do we do ? We work face-to-face , you 're working face-to-face , you have to create a social infrastructure , which does n't exist .
You must create a new profession .
The profession is the business doctor of the company , the business doctor , which sits on you at home , on the table of your kitchen , in the coffee table , and it helps you find the resources to transform their passion in a way of making a living .
I started this as a test in <unk> , Western Australia .
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time , trying to get away from this patronizing that we got to tell you what to do .
In one year , I had 27 projects in march , and the government came to me to see to ask , `` How can you do that ?
How can you do that ? '' And I said , `` I did something very , very , very difficult .
I fell down and listened . '' So , the government says , `` Do you again . '' We 've done it in 300 communities in the world .
We 've helped start 40,000 businesses .
There is a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness .
Peter <unk> , one of the greatest business advisers in the history , passed away at 96 , a few years ago .
Peter <unk> was a professor of philosophy before they got involved in business , and this is what Peter <unk> : `` The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy . ''
The planning is the kiss from the death of the business spirit .
So now you 're going to try and rebuilding rebuilding without knowing what the most <unk> people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their energy .
You have to learn how to get these people to get in conversation with you .
You have to offer you guys , privacy , it has to be great when you help you , and then <unk> , come in mass .
In a community of 10,000 people , we get 200 customers .
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people , intelligence and passion ?
Which morning , you 've got this morning ?
Now , the passionate local people . That 's what you 've got .
So what I 'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is .
We 're at the end of the first industrial revolution , <unk> fossils , renewables -- and from one moment to another , we have systems that are not sustainable .
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable .
<unk> as a way to sustain <unk> is not sustainable .
What we have to consider , is how we <unk> , we heal , we train , we train , we transport , communicate to seven billion people , in a sustainable way .
There are no technologies to do that .
Who 's going to invent the technology for the green revolution ? The universities ? Forget it !
Government ? Forget it !
They 'll be the entrepreneurs and they 're doing it now .
There 's an adorable story that 's in a futuristic journal many , many years ago .
There was a group of experts who were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year .
And in the year , they met this group of people , and they came together with this group in New York City in 100 years , and the conclusion was <unk> : New York City would n't exist within 100 years .
Why ? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out , if the population is going to grow up to this rate , to move the population of New York around , <unk> six million horses , and the manure produced by six million horses , would be impossible to address .
They were already stuck with dung . So , in 1860 , they were getting this dirty technology that 's going to be able to save the life of New York .
So what happens ? In the next 40 years , in 1900 , the United States showed up <unk> car manufacturing companies .
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed , and there were very few , <unk> , factories in places <unk> .
Dearborn , Michigan . Henry Ford .
But there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs .
First of all , you have to offer them .
Otherwise , they wo n't come to conversation with you .
Then , you have to offer absolute , dedicated , supportive service .
And then , afterwards , you 'll have to tell you the truth with it .
The smallest company , the largest company , has to be able to do three <unk> things : the product that you want to sell is having to be fantastic , you have to count a fantastic marketing , and you have to count on a great financial management .
Guess what ?
We 've never met a single human being in the world that can do , sell and search for the money alone .
There is no one .
This is still not born .
We 've looked at the 100 <unk> companies of Carnegie <unk> , Westinghouse , Edison , Ford , all new companies , Google , Yahoo .
There 's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common , only one : no one was started by one person .
Never word `` I '' but the word `` us '' -- but the word `` us '' -- 32 times .
He was n't just when he started .
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody .
So , we can create the community where we have facilitators , who come from a small business environment in coffee houses , in bars , along with their dedicated comrades who will do for you , what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this epic , someone who will ask you , what needs ?
What can you do ? Can you ?
Okay , can you sell ? Can you look for the money ? ''
`` Oh , no , I ca n't do that . '' `` Would you like to look for someone ? ''
We activate communities .
Thank you .
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives .
We do n't know all the neighbors , and that 's why I do n't save a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces .
In the last few years , I 've tried to share more with my neighbors in the public space , with simple tools like <unk> , templates and chalk .
These projects came from questions like , how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments ?
How can we pay and borrow more things without calling the door at a bad moment ?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understanding our landscape better ?
How do we share our hopes on empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams ?
I live in New Orleans , and I 'm in love with New Orleans .
My soul always finds relief with the giant giant oak giant giant stones and <unk> and <unk> for centuries and I trust .
It always gives rise to music . There 's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architectures in the world , but also one with the largest American properties of America .
I live close to this house and I thought how it could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever .
In 2009 , I lost somebody who loved a lot .
It was Joan , as a mother for me .
His death was sudden and unexpected .
I thought a lot about death .
And this led to a deep gratitude for the time lived in time .
It gave it clear to the meaningful things in my life today .
But let me keep this look at my daily life .
I think it 's easy to let them catch on the day and forgetting the really important thing for one .
So with the help of old and new friends , he transformed the wall of this left house on a giant blackboard , and he painted about it phrases to complete , `` Before I die I want ... ''
So , lo and behold , they could take a chalk , reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in the public space .
I did n't know what to expect from this experiment , but the next day the wall was filled with , and he kept on <unk> .
And I 'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall .
`` Before I die , I want to be judged by piracy , '' `` Before I die , I want to sit on the timeline of date . ''
Before I want to sing for millions of people . ''
Before I die I want to plant a tree . ''
`` Before I die , I want to live outside the Web . ''
Before I die I want to go back again . ''
Before I die I want to go to somebody 's rescue . ''
`` Before I die I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive and the dreams and the hopes of people , made me laugh at laughter , <unk> me , and gave me comfort in difficult times .
It 's about knowing that you 're not alone . It 's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and <unk> . It 's about supporting reflection and contemplation and to remember what 's most important to us as we grow and we change .
This happened last year , and I started getting hundreds of messages of passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community .
So with my colleagues in the civic center , we made a kit , and now they 've made walls in countries around the world , like Kazakhstan , South Africa , Australia , Argentina and beyond .
And together we showed the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other .
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people .
In our age of <unk> distractions , it 's more important than ever , finding ways to conserve , and remember that life is brief and delicate .
Death is something that we often avoid talking about , or even thinking , but I understood that we will prepare for death is one of those things that we could make more power .
If you think about death , you get our life .
Our spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope , fears and stories , people around us , not only can help improve places , can help improve our lives .
Thank you .
Thank you .
I have a single request today .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Now I 'd like to introduce you to my brothers .
<unk> is 22 , and it 's very handsome .
It does n't talk , but it transmits joy than some of the best speakers .
<unk> knows what love is .
shares unconditionally happens what happens .
It 's not <unk> . It does n't look at the color of the skin .
You do n't care about religious differences , and notice this : I 've never lied .
When singing songs of our childhood , I tried to say the words that I could n't even remember , reminds me of one thing : how soon we know about the mind and how wonderful it must be the unknown .
Samuel is 16 . He 's high . It 's very handsome .
He has the most pristine memory .
However , it 's a selective memory .
It does n't remember if I stole my <unk> , but it reminds me of the year when every one of the songs of my iPod was coming out , which we kept on when I was four , <unk> in my arm during the first episode of the <unk> and the Lady Gaga Gaga .
Does n't seem amazing ?
But most people disagree .
And in fact , because their minds do n't fit the concept of normal society , they 're often ignored and <unk> .
But what she pushed my heart and <unk> my soul was that even if that was the case , even though I would n't consider them within the ordinary , that could only mean one thing : `` autistic , extraordinary , extraordinary . ''
Now , for those less familiar with the term `` autism , '' it 's a complex brain disorder that affects social media , learning and sometimes physical skills .
In each individual it 's treated in a different way , from there that would be so different from Sam .
And all over the world , every 20 minutes , will be diagnosed with a new case of autism , and even though it 's one of the developmental disorders that more quickly increases in the world , there 's no cause or cure .
I do n't remember my first encounter with autism , but I do n't remember a single day without him .
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world , and I was very excited to have a new being in my life .
When a few months ago , I realized that he was different .
It 's a lot .
I did n't want to play as the other babies , and in fact , it did n't seem very interested in me at all .
He lived alive and in his own world , with their own rules , and they found pleasure in the smaller things , like putting the cars in row around the room , looking at the washing machine and eat anything in between .
As I grew up , it came back more different , and the differences became more evident .
But beyond the buzz , the frustration and the endless hyperactivity , there was something really unique : a pure , innocent nature , a child to see the <unk> world , a human being I had never lied .
Extraordinary .
I ca n't deny that there have been some difficult times in my family , I wish I wish they were just like me .
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality , communication and love , and I realize that they are things that would n't want to change for normal .
The normality is the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it does n't mean that some is wrong .
It only means that there 's a different view of what 's right .
If I could <unk> one thing to me and Sam and to you , it would be that you do n't have to be normal .
They can be extraordinary .
Because , autistic or not , the differences we have -- they 're a gift ! Every one of us has a gift on its interior and honestly , the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential .
The opportunity for greatness , progress and change die at the time when we 're trying to be the others .
Please do n't tell me that I 'm normal .
Thank you .
Five years ago , I experienced a little bit what must have been Alice in the Country of the Wonders .
Penn State asked me , a communications teacher , who gave a kind of communication to engineering students .
I was scared . I was really afraid of these students with their big minds , their great books and their big , unknown words .
But because of those conversations , I felt what Alice should have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world .
Just so I felt when I had those conversations with the students , and I was surprised the ideas they had , and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world .
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication .
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world .
Our scientists and engineers are the ones who are attacking our biggest challenges , from energy to environment and health care , among others , and if we do n't know about this , the work is not done , and I think it 's our responsibility as scientists to have these interactions .
But these big conversations can not happen if our scientists and engineers are not invited to see their wonderful world .
So , scientists and engineers , please try to be <unk> .
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that we can see that their science is sexy and that their engineering is sexy .
First question to <unk> , and then what ?
<unk> why science is relevant to us .
Do n't tell us simply that they study the <unk> , but they study the <unk> , which are the mesh structure of our bones because it 's important to understand and treat osteoporosis .
And when you 're describing your science , care of the jargon .
The jargon is one obstacle to our understanding of your ideas .
Sure , you can say `` spatial and temporary '' -- but why not say `` space and time , '' which is a lot more accessible to us ?
<unk> accessible is not the same thing as dumb dumb .
Instead , as Einstein said , that everything is as simple as possible , but not simple .
They can actually communicate their science without compromise the ideas .
One thing to consider is to use examples , stories and analogies , they 're able to fill it up with their content .
And when you introduce your work , forget about the `` bullet signs . ''
They 've been wondering why they 're called `` bullets '' ? What do the bullets do ? The bullets kill , and you 'll kill your presentation .
A <unk> like this is not only boring , but it 's supported too much in the language of our brain and we 're overwhelmed .
Instead , this <unk> of example from <unk> Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of <unk> is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower .
The trick here is to use a simple , legible , that public can understand whether it 's lost a little bit , and then to provide graphs that we will embrace to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what it is described .
I think these are just some key ones that can help the rest of the door and see the country of wonders that is science and engineering .
And so scientists and engineers , when you 've solved this equation , all the media , <unk> with <unk> . Thank you .
One of my favorite words from all the Oxford English Dictionary is `` <unk> . ''
Just because it sounds very good .
And `` <unk> '' means `` dishonest politician . ''
Even though there was an editor of the 19th century that defined a lot better when he said , `` A <unk> ' is that I 'm looking for public charge no matter party , platform or principle , and that , when he wins , he gets it by the sheer use of a monumental <unk> monumental . ''
I have no idea what it means `` <unk> . ''
Something about words , I guess .
It 's very important that words are the basis in politics , and that all politicians know you have to try to dominate the language .
It was n't until , for example , <unk> that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words they were told on the parliamentary chamber .
And all this was because of the bravery of a guy with the rare name of <unk> <unk> , who was confronted by Parliament .
He brought her in the London Tower and incarcerated for him , but he had the courage to deal with them , and at the end of it had such a popular support in London that won .
And only a few years later , we had the first recorded use of the phrase `` ace <unk> '' -- `` strong like metal . ''
Most people think it 's literal .
It 's not . It 's by an advocate of freedom of speech .
But to really show you how words and politics interact , I want you to go back to America , just after independence .
So they had to address the question of how to call George Washington , their leader .
They did n't know .
How do you call a Republican country leader ?
This was debated in Congress for a long time .
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that could be <unk> .
Some of them wanted to call him the Chief Washington Chief , and others , `` Her <unk> George Washington , '' and another `` <unk> of American People 's American People . ''
Not very appealing .
Some of them just wanted to call it `` King . ''
They thought it was the quality of mind .
And even with it , they were <unk> , they had the idea that one could be elected King for a certain deadline .
And it could have served .
The whole world became immensely immensely , because this debate will be written for three weeks .
I read the diary of a poor Senator , and he always wrote , `` still with this topic . ''
What caused the delay and <unk> was that the House of Representatives was in the Senate .
The House of Representatives did n't want Washington to be empowered .
They did n't want to call `` King '' in case he gave him or his successor to it .
So they wanted to give the most modest <unk> , hotter and more unfortunate <unk> that came in .
And that title was `` President . ''
President of the title . He did n't invent the title . But it only meant `` somebody who had a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury .
And it did n't have much more <unk> than the term `` foreman '' or `` supervisor . ''
There were <unk> presidents of small colonial colonial and status of government , but it was really a insignificant title .
And that 's why the Senate is committed .
They said , `` It 's ridiculous , we ca n't call President . ''
`` This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign <unk> . ''
`` And who would take it seriously with a title as ridiculous and insignificant as President of America ? ''
And finally , after three weeks of debate , the Senate did n't .
We can learn three interesting things from all of this .
First of all , and this is my favorite , until I 've been able to figure out , the Senate has never been considering the headline of President .
President Barack Obama was lucky to follow there , waiting for the Senate between in action .
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is a temporary -- it 's possible to keep in waiting for years .
But the third thing we can learn , and this is the most important thing , and with this , I want to leave you , is that the U.S. title of the United States does n't sound so modest today , right ?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads available , the largest economy of the world and fleet of air vehicles and so on .
The reality and the story has endowed the title of <unk> .
So he won the Senate .
They got their title of <unk> .
And also the other concern of the Senate , the uniqueness of uniqueness , well , it was a singularity for then .
But , you know how many nations have now been president ?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear warheads and so on .
So , at the end of the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost , because nobody 's going to feel humble when you tell them that they 're the President of <unk> .
And I think that 's the great lesson that we can learn , and that I 'd like to leave you with .
Politicians are trying to choose and use words to shape and control reality , but really , really , really , really much more than the words that they could actually change the reality .
Thank you very much .
I 'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana .
The air is <unk> and dust , and it 's hard to breathe .
I feel the touch of <unk> bodies in the dark , but I ca n't see much more .
I hear voices that talk about , but especially , that cacophony of <unk> male and stones with primitive tools .
Like everybody else , I take a cheap light lamp attached to the head with this rubber rubber rubber tube , and I can barely distinguish the branches of that hole from that hole in a subway that falls hundreds of meters on the ground .
It was <unk> my hand and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before , who lost control and dropped countless feet in that pit .
While I talk to you today , these men are on the deep end of that hole at the risk of their lives without paying reward , and often dying .
I went out of that hole and went home , but they probably never will , because they 're prey to slavery .
Over the last 28 years , I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 continents , and in 2009 , I had the great honor to be the only <unk> at the Vancouver Peace Summit .
Among all the amazing people that I met there met a <unk> in <unk> the <unk> , an NGO that 's involved to eradicate modern slavery .
We started talking about slavery and really , I started learning about slavery because I knew it exists in the world , but not to the extent .
When we finished talking to me , I was really embarrassed to ignore this awful day , and I thought , if I do n't know , how many people do n't know ?
I got a knot , and a few weeks later , I flew in Los Angeles to meet the director of the <unk> and offer my help .
So , my journey started to modern slavery .
Interestingly , I had been in many of these sites .
Some of them even considered my second home .
But this time , it 's <unk> dirty rags .
A conservative calculation says that there are now more than 27 million people in the world .
It 's twice as much as the number of displaced Africans throughout the whole human trafficking .
150 years ago , the cost of a farmer slave cost was about three times the annual salary for an American worker .
The equivalent of a few dollars today .
However , today you can enslaving families for generations per generation for $ 18 .
Surprisingly , slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion a year around the world .
Many have been fooled by false good education and better work to find that they 're forced to work without paying without paying , under threat of violence and ca n't escape .
Today , slavery operates in trade : goods produced by slaves are value , but those people produce are throwaways .
<unk> exists in almost everyone , and yet it 's illegal worldwide .
In India and Nepal , I met the oven furnaces .
This odd kind of show and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or a Dante hell .
<unk> in a temperature of 54 degrees , men , women , children , in fact , entire families wrapped in a heavy <unk> of <unk> mechanically bricks in their heads , until 18 at the time , and take them from hot furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters .
He ran through monotony and tiredness work quietly , doing this task over and over for 16 17 hours a day .
There was no breaks down to eat , not to drink , and <unk> <unk> made them pee quite inconsequential .
As <unk> were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot , the touch and it stopped working .
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean up the team and make it work with air conditioning to get them , and sitting there , I thought , my camera gets a much better treatment than these people .
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry , but the <unk> I was on my side , quickly grabbed me and said , `` Lisa , do n't do . Do n't do it here . ''
And he explained very clearly that demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this , not just for me , but for them .
I could n't offer any direct help .
I could n't give them money , nothing .
I was not citizenship from that country .
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already .
I had to trust the <unk> and work within the system for his release and he trusted him .
In terms of me , I waited to get home to feel my heart totaled .
In the Himalayas , I found kids carrying rocks for miles out of mountain land to trucks that were expected down .
Those great biggest biggest were heavier than the kids who were loaded and the children holding their heads out of their heads , made of sticks , ropes and rags .
It 's hard to witness something so overwhelming to witness .
How can we influence something that insidious but so pervasive ?
Some of them do n't even know that they 're a slaves -- and they work 16 17 hours a day without <unk> because this has been all his life .
They have nothing to compare .
When these villagers <unk> their freedom , they burned it completely burned .
When you hear the word slavery often we think about sexual trafficking , and because of this global awareness , they warned me that it was hard to work with security in this particular business .
In a clash of women , women were previously been previously sex .
I sort of drove me up stairs that gave this dirty basement , sort of fluorescent light .
It was n't exactly a brothel .
It was rather a restaurant .
<unk> , as you know in the craft , are local for the forced prostitution .
They have small rooms , private rooms , where <unk> <unk> with their girls and children , some of the only seven years -- are forced to entertain the customers and they would encourage them to buy more food and alcohol .
Each one is dark and dirty , identified by a piece painted on the wall and divided by a <unk> and a curtain .
The workers often suffer sexual abuse from their customers .
On the <unk> , I remember feeling a <unk> fear , and in that moment , I could barely imagine what must be stuck in that hell .
I just had one way out : the stairs where I entered .
There was no back doors .
There were n't big enough windows to climb .
Those people do n't have <unk> , and because we 're playing a hard issue , it 's important to point out that slavery , even sexual trafficking , is happening around us .
There are hundreds of people <unk> in agriculture , in restaurants , in the domestic service , and the list can continue .
Recently , the New York Times reported that between 100,000 children and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves .
It 's everywhere , but we do n't see it .
textiles is another activity that often relate to the labor of slave labor .
I visited Indian villages where there were whole families <unk> in the trade of silk .
This is a family portrait .
The hands black hands are the father , the <unk> of blue and red , from their children .
<unk> <unk> in these big barrels and <unk> silk to the elbows , but that 's toxic .
My translator told me the stories .
`` We do n't have freedom , '' they said .
We still expect , though , being able to get out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It 's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children join in Lake Volta , the largest artificial lake in the world .
When we arrived , I went to take a look quickly .
I saw what seemed to be a fishermen of fishermen on a ship , two older brothers , some more young children , makes sense ?
Wrong . It was all slaves .
The kids are separated from their families being carried out , they were missing and forced to work large large in the lake , despite not knowing how to swim .
This kid is eight years old .
When our boat came up , I was shaking , so that his little canoe was <unk> .
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water .
The branches of trees were submerged in Lake Volta , so they often catch networks and children , <unk> and fear , is thrown into the water to unlock the branches .
Many are drown .
Since it remembers , has always been forced to work on the lake .
By fear of his love is not going to run away , and since life has been treated with cruelty , <unk> is about the younger slaves under their command .
I met these guys at five in the morning , when they woke up the last five , but they had been working from the last five in the morning .
It 's in the cold and windy night .
And you can just point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they 're packed with fish .
I want to introduce you to Kofi .
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen .
I met him in a hut where we <unk> the <unk> to the victims of slavery .
Kofi symbolizes as possible .
Who will come to be because somebody decided to make a difference in their life ?
He 's going to go on a road in Ghana with partners in <unk> the <unk> , a partner with his bike and <unk> with his bike and <unk> our car and played the window .
He asked us to put it on the road to the forest .
At the end of the way , we 'd be able to get out of the car , and asked the driver to come back quickly .
And then signal this path barely visible and said , `` This is the way , this is the way . Go . ''
As we started to go down , we take away the <unk> that would go down the way , and after walking around about an hour , we found that the way I was going to go through the recent rains , so I put up the photos of the photos on my head as they went into these waters to the chest .
After two hours of walking , the <unk> path ended abruptly out of course , and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field , and they were all full of enslaved workers .
Many women had kids strapped on their backs , and , while they were looking for gold , they walked in poison waters with mercury .
<unk> uses the process of extraction .
These miners are enslaved in a well another part of Ghana .
When they came out of the well , they were terrified in their own sweat .
I remember looking at his eyes tired , <unk> , because many people had been underground for 72 hours .
The wells have up to 90 meters , and these people carry heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area in which they would make the stone to get the gold out .
At the first sight , the site seems to be filled with strong and <unk> men , but if we look closer and forth , we see to work at some less lucky men and also children .
They are all victims of injuries , disease and violence .
In fact , it 's very likely that this bully will end up like this victim of tuberculosis and the toes for mercury in a few years .
This is <unk> . When his father died , he took him to work with him in the mines .
When he died his uncle , I was able to get the debt of the uncle 's debt to be a slave to the mines .
When I met him , I had worked on the mines in the mines , and the leg injury you see here is a product of an accident in the mine in the mine , so severe that doctors said it must be .
In addition to that , we 're going to have tuberculosis , but yet , he 's forced to work night and day in that mine .
And yet , he 's dreaming to be released and educated with help from local activists like <unk> the <unk> , and it 's this kind of determination , of face to a remote possibility , which inspires me a lot of respect .
I want to throw light about slavery .
They knew their images would be seen by you all over the world .
I wanted you to know that we knew that we were testimony to them and we 're going to make everything possible to help change their lives .
I really believe that if we can see each other as human beings , then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery .
These images are not magazines . These are people , real people like you and like me , who deserve the same rights , dignity and respect in their lives .
There 's no day that I do n't think of these many beautiful , abused people , who have had the great honor to meet .
I hope these images wake up a force in which you see , in people like you , and I hope that force will turn on a fire and that fire <unk> light on slavery because , without that light , the beast of slavery can continue to live in the shadows .
Thank you very much .
I do mathematical math , and there 's a peculiar problem for whom it does : we are like management consultants .
Nobody knows what the hell we do .
So I 'm going to try and try and explain to you what I do .
Dance is one of the most human activities .
We were able to <unk> the ballet and the dancers of <unk> that we 'll see later on .
But the ballet demand a degree of extraordinary training , a high level of skill and probably some initial fitness that can have a genetic component .
Sadly , neurological disorders like Parkinson 's disease , like Parkinson 's disease , as it does with my favorite friend <unk> <unk> that , in his time , was a virtuous dancer of ballet .
In the last few years , we 've made a lot of progress .
However , there are <unk> million people in the world who are sick and have to deal with an incurable , tremor , stiffness and other symptoms of this disease , so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it 's too late .
We need to be able to measure the progress in an objective way , and ultimately the only way we 're going to know if there 's really a cure is to be when we have an objective metric and <unk> .
But it 's frustrating that for Parkinson 's and other disorders of movement , there are no biological markers , so they do n't serve the blood analysis and the best we have is a neurologic neurological exam .
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It 's very , very expensive , and that means that out of the clinical trials , they never do . It 's never been done .
And what if patients could do that at home ?
That would save a trip to the clinic . What if patients could be asked by the test themselves ?
It would n't take personal .
By the way , it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic .
So what I want to you with you as a way to a try , not conventional to try , you see , in some sense at least , we 're all virtuous , and we 're all virtuous as my friend Hans <unk> .
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal chords .
It shows someone healthy as it gives up sounds , and we can imagine as dancers of a vocal ballet , because we have to coordinate all these vocal organs to produce sound , and we all have the genes necessary . The <unk> , for example .
And , like ballet , it requires a level of extraordinary training .
Let 's think about time that leads to a child learning to speak .
From sound , we can track the position of the vocal chords as they vibrate , and as the Parkinson 's affecting the limbs , it also affects the vocal organs .
On the bottom , you can see an <unk> example of the vocal chords .
We see the same symptoms .
<unk> , weakness and stiffness .
The speech becomes more quiet and <unk> after a while , and this is an example of symptoms .
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with the specialized clinical trials ? Well , they are both invasive .
<unk> is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure .
You do n't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them .
They 're both accurate . Well , but also testing tests are not specialized .
I mean , they can be <unk> .
They do very quickly , they take about 30 seconds as a lot .
It 's at the minimum cost , and we all know what happens .
When something takes low cost , it appears to scale .
These are some amazing goals to address .
We can reduce the <unk> difficulties from patients .
I would n't have to go to the clinic for the routine visit .
With high frequency monitoring , we could get goals .
We could make massive recruitment recruitment for the first time , and for the first time , <unk> doable on a large scale .
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of the disease before it 's too late .
So , when I 'm going to give the first steps in that sense , we 're launching the Parkinson 's <unk> Initiative .
Along with <unk> and <unk> , we want to record a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals .
We have local lines accessible to about 750 million people in the world .
Whatever , with no Parkinson 's , it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents , and I 'm pleased to announce that we 've already reached six percent of the goal only eight hours .
Thank you . Tom Rielly : So Max , taking all these samples from , say 10,000 people , you 'll be able to say who 's healthy and who 's not ?
What will you take from these samples ?
Max Little : Yeah , yeah . What happens is that during the call , you have to indicate if you have no disease or not . TR : Sure .
<unk> : You see , some people can not pass it . You can not finish it .
But we 're going to get a very large data shows in different circumstances , and do it in different circumstances , it 's important because we 're looking for reducing the factors of confusion to look for the real markers of disease .
TR : Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this moment ?
<unk> : Much more than that .
In fact , my graduate student , I have to <unk> , has done a fantastic job , and now it 's shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well , what we 're doing on the project . We now have 99 percent accuracy .
TR : Ninety and nine . Well , it 's an improvement .
<unk> : Of course .
TR : Thank you very much . Max Little , public .
<unk> : Thank you , Tom .
Before March from 2011 , I was making <unk> <unk> in New York City .
We 're <unk> creatures .
We 're hiding in the darkness , in windowless rooms , and usually we avoid sunlight .
We do the lean models even thinner , the perfect skin even more perfect , we make the impossible , possible and criticize us in the press all the time , but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a real taste of real images and photography .
On March 11 , 2011 , I saw from my home , just like the rest of the world , the tragic events that were happening in Japan .
Soon , an organization where he was voluntary , there was a volunteer where he was voluntary , was in the place working as part of the answer team .
I , along with hundreds of other volunteers , we knew that we could n't be sitting at home , so I decided to join the group for three weeks .
On May 13 , I traveled to <unk> .
It 's a small fishing village located in the <unk> <unk> of <unk> <unk> , one of the first towns affected by the wave .
The water level hit over 24 feet high , and over three miles of land inside .
As you can imagine , the people was devastated .
We take it out of the channels and the ditches .
<unk> schools . We removed the slime , and we left the houses ready to be <unk> and <unk> .
We took tons and tons of dead fish , smelly , rotten factory facilities .
We <unk> , and we loved it .
For weeks , both volunteers like neighbors found similar things .
They found pictures and photos and photos and photographs and cards .
They all did the same thing .
<unk> and bring them to different places of the villages around them .
It was n't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered .
While they were fleeing the wave , and to save their lives , they had to abandon absolutely everything they had .
In the end of my first week , I started to help in a hospital center .
I helped clean the restrooms and ethnic bathrooms , gigantic <unk> .
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the burning center pick up the photos .
And I had the honor there , and I had the honor that he 's given to me in me to wipe out the photos .
This was exciting and inspiring , I had heard the expression of thinking beyond the horizons , but it was n't until beyond myself , my horizons that something happened .
When you look at the photos , I found some people who were more than a hundred years old , they were still in the lab , I could n't stop thinking about how to fix that <unk> and repair that <unk> and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing .
So that night I went into Facebook contacted some of them , and the next morning , the answer was so overwhelming and positive , that I knew we had to try .
So we started to tweak the photos .
This was the first of all .
He was n't too <unk> , but where the water had taken the face of the girl , I had to get up with very accurately and very carefully .
Otherwise , that little girl would n't have the appearance of herself , and that would be as tragic as having a <unk> picture .
And over time , they came up for more photos , and they needed more <unk> , so I went into Facebook again and LinkedIn , and five days later , 80 to 80 countries were offered to help .
In two weeks , I had 150 people who came together .
In Japan , in July , we mobilized ourselves to <unk> , a neighboring town north of <unk> .
Once we used our week , we used our scanner in photographic libraries that have installed , where people were going to reclaim their pictures .
The time it would take on <unk> is a different story , depended on course of the <unk> of the photos .
It could mean an hour . It could mean weeks .
It could take months .
This <unk> had to draw virtually by hand using as the <unk> , which color and detail had not destroyed .
It took a lot of time .
The water destroyed all these photos submerged in seawater , covered from bacteria , with algae , even with oil , all of them along with the time , and I 'm going to get rid of that by hand , that was an important part of the project .
We could n't be able to tweak the picture unless it was clean , dry and it would have been <unk> by his owner .
We had lucky luck to hand .
We have the guide from an admirable neighbor .
It 's very easy to harm the photos even though .
As I once once said , the leader of my group was like making a tattoo .
You ca n't make mistakes .
The woman who brought us these pictures had kind of relationship to the photos .
He had begun to <unk> herself but stopped by realizing that the damage even more .
It also had <unk> .
Without them , the images of her husband and her face would never be been able to reconstruct , and we were able to put the images into a single photo and tweaking the full picture .
When they picked up their pictures , they shared some of his story with us .
A husband 's colleagues found the photos on a fire station between the rubble quite far away from where his house used to be , but his colleagues <unk> it .
The tsunami of the tsunami , her husband was the experimenter to close the barriers to the wave .
It had to go inside the water as the <unk> sound .
Their small children , not so small now , but their two kids were at school in different schools .
One of them was stuck in the water .
It took him a week to find out his whole family and know that everybody had survived .
The day I gave him his youngest son at the age of 14 .
For her , despite all this pictures , those photos were the best gift that he could do , something that he could remember from the past that would have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed .
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there with hundreds of them , hundreds of them helped us clean hundreds of them more than 135 photographs , the vast majority -- most of them became the hands of their owners .
Over 500 volunteers across the world , they helped give back 90 families hundreds of entirely <unk> and <unk> .
During this time , we really do n't spend more than 1,000 dollars in equipment and materials , most of the ink in printers .
We took pictures constantly .
A picture is a memory of someone or something , a relationship , someone loved .
They 're <unk> out of our memories and stories , the last thing we 'd wear , but the first thing that we would choose to look for .
This is what the project was , to restore small bits of humanity , can bring someone to connection with the past .
When a picture like this is coming back to someone , it 's a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it .
This project also made a big difference in the life of <unk> .
Some of them connected to something bigger , give back something , using their talent to something that not be thin models of skin .
And so I 'd just like to read this email . I emailed him from the day I came back from Japan after six months .
While you 're going , I could n't stop thinking about people and the stories that are shown in the images .
A particular one , a photo with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small girl , gathered around a baby , gathered around a baby , because a similar picture of my family , my grandmother , my mother , and my newborn daughter , hangs away from our wall .
In the entire world , in all the few times , our basic needs are the same , right ?
Thank you .
Doc <unk> was inspired by awe and curious with this picture of a bullet that 's going through an apple in an exhibition just a millionth of a second .
But now , 50 years later , we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion , but a trillion frames per second .
I present to you a new kind of photograph : <unk> -- a very quick technique that can make videos in slow motion of light in motion .
And with that , we can create cameras that can see after the corners , beyond the line of vision , or see the interior of the body without the X-ray , and they challenge the idea of camera .
If I take a laser pointer and I turn it on and turn it into a <unk> of a second or so , on several <unk> , to create a <unk> array of a half a millimeter .
And that array of photons , that bullet , traveling at the speed of light , and again , a million times faster than a common bullet .
If you take that bullet , and this package of photons and shine in this bottle , how do those photons spread into this bottle ?
What 's the aspect of the light in slow motion ?
Now , all of this -- to remember that all this is happening in less than a <unk> is what it takes to go through the light .
But this video is 10 billion times slower , so you can see the light in motion .
Coca-Cola , we do n't know this research . They 're a lot of things in this film ; we 're looking at this information to show what 's going on .
The pulse , our bullet , comes into the bottle with a package of photons , which starts to go through and , inside , starts to <unk> .
Some of the light goes off , goes to the table , and we started to see these ripples .
A lot of the photons finally come to cover and then explode in several directions .
As you can see , there 's an air bubble .
At that time , the waves travel on the table , and because of the reflections of the top part , you see at the bottom of the bottle , after several frames , that the reflections are concentrated .
Now , if we take a common <unk> and we make it run the same distance , and we see it slow down to about 10 billion times , how long do you think it would take us to see that movie ?
Was one day ? A week ? Actually , a whole year .
It would be a very boring film of a slow bullet in motion .
And what about talking to dead nature ?
You can see the waves coming out of the table and the tomato wall .
It 's like throwing a rock in a pond .
It 's the way nature paints a picture , I thought , of a <unk> at the time , but of course , our eyes see an integral composition .
But if you look at this tomato , you 'll notice that , as the light gets over the tomato , it goes bright . It 's not <unk> .
Why ? Because the tomato is ripe , and the light goes inside , and it comes out after several <unk> of a second .
In the future , when this <unk> is on your cell phone , you 're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check whether the fruit is grown without having to touch it .
What do we create this camera at MIT ?
As photographers , you know , if we take a picture at low exhibition , it gets very little light .
But we 're going to go to a billion times faster than the shortest exposure , so I 'll barely get some light .
We sent that bullet out , that <unk> package , millions of times , and we recorded over and over again with a very distinguished sync , we took those gigabytes of data and <unk> <unk> to create those <unk> that I showed you .
We can take all of those raw data and make it interesting .
Superman can fly .
Other heroes can become invisible .
And if a new power of a parent is allowed to see after the corners ?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door , and you 're going to go into the room , a part is going to kind of reflect on the door , and from there to the camera .
Where we could extract those multiple bounces of light .
It 's not science fiction . We 've already built it .
On the left , it 's our <unk> .
And behind the wall there is a dummy and <unk> light at the door .
After the publication of our article in Nature Communications .
And a small fraction of the photons will come back to the camera , but interestingly , in slightly different times .
And as we have a camera that works like this quickly , our <unk> , has unique capacities .
It has very good temporary resolution , and it can look at the world speed at the speed of light .
So , we know the distances to the door and also even the hidden objects , but we do n't know what about it is about how far it is .
When you project a laser , you can record a raw picture , you see on the screen , it does n't really make any sense .
But we 'll take a lot of images like this , dozens of images , we 're all going to go and try and analyze the multiple bounces of light , and with that , we can see the hidden object ?
Can we see it in 3D ?
This is our reconstruction .
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab , but in the future , we could create cars that avoid collisions with what 's going on around the curve .
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions by looking at light reflected by open .
Or we could build <unk> able to see inside the body through <unk> , and the same for <unk> .
But of course , because of the tissue and the blood , this is pretty difficult , so actually this is an order for scientists to start thinking about <unk> as a new form of visualization to solve the problems of imaging in the health of the next generation .
So as Doc <unk> , he himself a scientist , turned science in art , an art of photographs .
I realized that all gigabytes of data that we collected every time is not just for scientific visualizations .
We create a new form of computer photography with slow motion and color code .
Let 's look at those waves . Remember , time between each of those waves is just about <unk> .
But here also happens something fun .
If you look at the waves under the top , these are going to get away from us .
The waves should move towards us .
What happens here ?
It turns out that , as we 're recording almost at the speed of light , we have strange effects , and Einstein would have loved to see this picture .
The order that events occur in the world sometimes appears to the camera .
<unk> the corresponding warping of space and time , we can correct this distortion .
It 's time . Thank you .
Hi . This is my mobile phone .
A mobile phone can change life , and gives you individual freedom .
With a mobile phone , a crime can <unk> the humanity in Syria .
With a cell phone , you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt .
With a cell phone , you can record a song , put it into <unk> and famous .
All of this is possible with a cell phone .
I 'm a <unk> in 1984 and I live in the Berlin city .
Let 's go back to that moment , this city .
Here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protesting for a change .
This is the fall of 1989 . So imagine if all of these people gathered together in search of a change , had a mobile phone .
Who from the aggregate of them have a mobile phone here ?
<unk> .
Raise your mobile phones , let 's get them !
<unk> . An Android ! A !
It 's a lot . Almost everyone today has a cell phone .
But today I 'm talking about me , my mobile phone , and how life changed .
I 'm going to talk about this .
These are 35 <unk> information .
Data , raw data .
Why is that information there ?
Because in the summer of 2006 , the E.U .
The <unk> of data .
This directive says that every European telephone company , every Internet provider in Europe , has to store a broad range of information from users .
Who sends an email . Who sends an email to who .
Who sends a text to who .
And if we use the mobile phone , where we are .
All of this data is stored at at least six months , and to two years , in their phone company or their Internet provider .
And all over Europe , people stood up and said , `` We do n't want this . ''
They said they did n't want this retention data .
We want self-determination in the digital age , and we do n't want the telephone and the suppliers to the Internet and the Internet providers would bring all this information on us .
There was lawyers , journalists , priests , everybody said , `` We do n't want this . ''
And here you can see a few people who went out to the streets in Berlin and said , `` Freedom , I 'm not afraid . ''
And some even said this would be <unk> 2.0 .
The <unk> was the secret police of East Germany .
And I also wondered if this works .
Can you store all this information about us ?
Every time you use your mobile phone ?
So I asked my phone , <unk> <unk> , which at that time was the largest telephone company in Germany , and I was in favor of all the information they had on me .
I asked them once , and I went back to ask , and I did n't get a concrete answer . It was all blah , blah .
But then I said , `` I want to have this information because you 're holding my life . ''
So I decided to make it a lawsuit because I wanted to have this information .
But <unk> <unk> said no , we wo n't give this information .
At the end we signed an agreement .
They were holding the demand and they would send me the information I would ask .
Meanwhile , the German <unk> Justice failed the <unk> for the German law of the E.U .
So I got this ugly little brown with a CD inside .
And in the CD , there was this .
Thirty and five thousand <unk> 30 <unk> .
I first saw it , and I said , well , it 's a huge archive . Okay .
But after a while , I realize that it 's my life .
There 's six months of my life in this file .
It was a bit skeptical : what should I do with that ?
Because you can see where I am , where I step night , what I 'm doing .
But then I said , I want this information to go out .
I want to make it public .
Because I want to show people what the retention of data means .
So , along with <unk> Online and Open Data , we did this .
This is a <unk> visualization of my life .
You can zoom out and move away , go backwards .
You can see every step I give .
And you can see what I 'm going to do with <unk> on the train to evil , and what I call it in the way .
All of this is possible with this information .
That 's a little scary .
But it 's not just me .
It 's about all of us .
First , there 's things like , I call my wife and she calls me , we talked a couple of times .
And then they call me some friends and they 're called with each other .
And then you call the other , and another one to the other , and we ended up with this huge network of communications .
You can see how people communicates with each other , what time they call each other , what time they sleep .
You can see all this .
You can see the centers , the group leaders .
If you have access to this information , you can see what society is doing .
If you have access to this information , you can control your society .
This is a model for countries like China and Iran .
This is a model to study the shape of your society , because you know who 's talking to who , who is to get an email to who , all of this is possible if you have access to this information .
And this data is stored at least six months in Europe , and to two years .
As I said at the beginning , imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin , in the fall of 1989 , had a mobile phone .
And the <unk> had known who was involved in this protest , and if he had known who were the leaders , this never had happened .
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened .
And then , as a result , neither of the <unk> .
Because today public agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible within and outside the web .
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives and they want to store them forever .
But self-determination and self-determination in the digital age is not a contradiction .
But you have to fight for self-determination .
You have to fight for that every day .
When you go back home to tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value of the 21st century , it 's not worth sure .
When you go home , I tell your representative that just because companies and state agencies can store some information , they do n't have to do it .
And if you do n't believe me , ask your phone company , what information store from you .
So in the future , every time you use your mobile phones that will remind you that you have to fight money in the digital age .
Thank you .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
It 's not enough .
Hello TEDWomen , what happens ?
I call myself <unk> <unk> and I 'm not <unk> , but the doctor who brought me into the world .
I went to my mom six times in six different directions , <unk> the poor of me in the process .
As a result , I have cerebral palsy , so I 'm going to take it all the time .
Look .
It 's exhausting . I 'm like a mixture of <unk> .
And Muhammad came .
The Codex C is not genetics .
It 's not <unk> or ca n't contract .
No one <unk> my mother 's uterus and not <unk> because my parents were siblings , even though they are .
It just happens for accidents , like the one that happened to me at birth .
Now , I warn you , I 'm not a source of inspiration .
It feels bad for me , because at some point in life , they wish to be disabled .
Come on .
Christmas Christmas , they 're in the shopping center , they 're in the shopping center , and what do you see ?
16 empty places are empty .
And you think , `` God , can I be at least a little bit impaired ? ''
I mean , I 'm going to tell you , I have 99 problems , and on C. C. It 's just one of them .
If there was a <unk> of oppression , I would get the gold medal .
I 'm a Palestinian , Muslim , woman , disabled and live in New Jersey .
If you do n't feel better , you might have to do it .
I 'm in <unk> Park , in New Jersey .
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same initials .
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my home to New York , I could .
Many people with cerebral palsy do n't walk , but my parents do n't believe in `` ca n't believe it . ''
The mantra of my father was , `` You can do it ; you can dance . ''
If my three major sisters , I wiped out .
If my three major sisters were going to public school , my parents <unk> into the school system , and they were thrilled that I was out , and if we were n't calling all the top of the maximum note , all of my mother was made .
My father taught me to walk at the five years by putting my heels in his feet and just walking .
Another tactic that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that I would plug it out .
The <unk> I 'm wearing was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten kindergarten walked as a boxing champion who had received a lot of strokes .
Growing up , there was only six Arabs in my city and they were all of the family .
Now there 's 20 Arabs , and they 're still all of the family . I think nobody realized that we were n't Italians .
This was before 9/11 , and the politicians thought to use `` hate Muslims '' as a slogan of campaign .
The people I grew up with no problems with my faith .
However , it seemed to be a lot of <unk> from hunger during the <unk> .
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months without eating , so <unk> at dawn at sunset is very easy .
I danced on Broadway .
Yes , on Broadway . It 's crazy . My parents could n't afford a physical therapy , so they sent me to the dance school .
I learned to dance with heels , so I can walk in a heels .
I 'm from New Jersey , and there we want to be <unk> , so if my friends friends used heels , I also .
And when my friends were going to go through the summer vacation on the Jersey coast , I was not going .
I spent my summers on a war zone , because my parents were afraid that if we do n't go back to Palestine every summer , we beat ourselves at Madonna .
On summer vacation often , my father was trying to <unk> them , so I could drink milk from deer , put me warm cups on the back , and I remember at the Dead Sea , and I remember the water burned into the eyes and I thought , `` works , it works ! ''
But the miracle cure was yoga .
I should say that it 's very boring , but before doing yoga , it was a comedian who could n't stand up in [ booth booth ] .
And I can hold on the head .
My parents took this idea that I could do anything , that no dream was impossible , and my dream was to be in General General General General .
I went to the university by positive discrimination , and I got a scholarship for the <unk> , University of Arizona , because he walked in all the <unk> .
It was like the <unk> of the theater department .
Everybody loved me .
I did all the hands of the least smart , I took the top note in my classes , and also in his classes .
Every time I was making a scene from the glass zoo my teachers cried .
But I never got a role .
Finally , in my last year , the <unk> decided to make a work called a very slow dance on Jackson .
It 's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy .
I was a girl with cerebral palsy .
So I started screaming at the four winds , `` In order to have a paper !
I have cerebral palsy .
Finally , free ! Finally !
Thank God mighty me , I 'm finally free . ''
I did n't get the paper . They gave birth Brown .
I went to the principal of the theater department , crying historically , as if somebody had killed my cat , to ask him why , and she told me that because they thought I could n't do the stunts .
And I said , `` Excuse me , if I ca n't do the stunts , you ca n't do the character . ''
It was a role for which I was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy .
College was imitating my life .
Hollywood has a <unk> history of <unk> actors with a disabled drug .
When I graduated home , I went back home , and my first tour was sort of extra in a soap opera .
My dream was true .
And I knew it would be <unk> of `` companion '' to `` best friend , '' in a <unk> .
Instead , it was there as a vase , and it did n't see me more than the neck , and it was obvious to me that the allocation directors are not <unk> actors , not white , with disabilities .
Just give perfect people out .
But there were exceptions to the rule .
I grew up watching <unk> Goldberg , Roseanne <unk> , Ellen , and all these women had one thing in common : they were comedians .
So I made myself <unk> .
In my first tour of New York City to New Jersey , and I 'll never forget the face of the first comedian that I took when I fell at the end of the New Jersey account with a driver that had cerebral palsy .
I worked in clubs across the United States , and also in Arabic in the Middle East , without censorship and without veil .
Some people say I 'm the first <unk> of the Arab world .
I never like to reclaim the first place , but I know you 've never heard that little nasty buzz , which says that women are not fun , and they 're very fun .
In 2003 , my father of another mother and father , Dean <unk> , and I launched the <unk> Festival in New York City , now in his <unk> year .
Our goal was to change the negative image of the <unk> in the media , and at once remind the <unk> directors that <unk> and Arabic are not synonymous .
The Arabs were much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma stigma .
My great opportunity came in 2010 .
I was a bit like invited to the news program by the wire behind Keith <unk> .
I went into a high school dance , dragged me to a studio and sat in a wheelchair .
I looked at the principal and I said , `` Excuse me , can you give me another chair ? ''
She looked at me and said , `` Five , four , three , two . ''
And we were alive !
So I grabbed the exact desk on the presenter and not to get out of the screen during the segment , and when I finished the interview , it was pale .
I finally had my opportunity and <unk> . I knew you would n't come back .
But not just Mr. <unk> went back to me , but I was like a full-time participant and hitting my chair .
Something that I learned on direct Keith <unk> was that people on the Internet are scum .
It 's said that kids are cruel , but they never made fun of me or a little girl .
Suddenly my disability on the Internet became an object of ridicule .
I saw clips online with comments like , `` Why <unk> ? ''
`` Is it <unk> ? ''
And my favorite , `` Poor <unk> terrorist .
What does the disease have ?
We should really pray for it . ''
A commentator suggested even my disability to my rsum , a writer , comedian , <unk> .
Disability is as visual as race .
If someone in a wheelchair ca n't do <unk> , then you can not make somebody in a wheelchair .
The disabled -- yeah , clap , man . Come on .
The disabled are the largest minority in the world , and the most <unk> in the world of entertainment .
Doctors said not to walk , but I 'm here in front of you .
However , having grown up with the media , I do n't think it was .
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life .
Maybe if there were more positive images , I 'm going to get less hatred on the Internet .
Or maybe not .
Maybe we still need all of society to teach our children well .
My tortuous journey has taken me to very spectacular places .
I was going to go through the red carpet <unk> by the <unk> of the soap cable Susan <unk> and the infamous <unk> <unk> .
I got to act on a film with Adam <unk> and working with my idol , incredible Dave Matthews .
<unk> the world running `` Arabs have become insane . ''
I was <unk> in the great state of New Jersey in the 2008 <unk> .
And I founded `` <unk> , '' an organization charity , to give the Palestinian refugee kids a tiny fraction of what my parents gave me .
It was the only time my father saw me act live , and I spent this talk to his memory .
Dad , Dad .
I call me <unk> <unk> , and if I can , you can .
I 'd like to tell you a story about a child from a small village .
I do n't know their name , but I know their story .
He lives in a small village South <unk> .
This village is near <unk> .
<unk> drives small people to poverty and the brink of starvation .
Without it there , it goes to the great city , in this case , <unk> , the capital of Somalia .
When you get there , there 's no opportunity , there 's no job , no prospects of the future .
He just lived in a tent in the city outside of <unk> .
Maybe a year <unk> , nothing .
One day I read a man who offers him to take him to lunch , after dinner , to breakfast .
She meets a dynamic group of people , who gives a break .
He gets a little bit of money to buy new clothes , money to send home to your family .
They presented to a young man .
And finally , they go home .
It begins a new life .
It has a goal of life .
A beautiful day in <unk> , under a blue sky , bursts a car bomb .
That kid in that little boy with dreams of the great city was the suicide bomber , and that dynamic group of people were at <unk> , a connected terrorist organization to al Qaeda .
So how did the story of a child in a small village trying to fulfill his dreams in the city ends with him <unk> ?
He was waiting .
I was waiting for an opportunity to start his future , waiting for a future perspective , and this was the first thing that came to him .
This was the first thing that pulled it out of what we call the <unk> period .
And its story is repeated in urban centers around the world .
It 's the story of the marginalized , young urban cities that <unk> riots in Johannesburg , <unk> riots in London , looking for something beyond the <unk> period .
For young people , the great dream of the city , the great dream of the city , of the opportunity , of wellness , but young people do n't participate in the prosperity of their cities .
It 's often the youth who suffers from the highest rates of unemployment .
By 2030 , three of five people who live in cities will be under 18 .
If we do n't include young people in the growth of our cities , if we do n't give them opportunities , the story of the `` wait period , '' the door to terrorism , to violence , in gangs , will be the story of cities 2.0 .
And in my hometown of birth , <unk> , 70 percent of young people are unemployed .
70 percent does n't work , it 's not going to school .
They do nothing .
I went back to <unk> last month , and I went to visit <unk> Hospital , the hospital where I was born .
I remember in the hospital , I remember thinking , `` And if I would never have gone ? ''
What if I had been forced to be in that same `` long-term period '' ?
Would it have become terrorist ?
I 'm not really sure of the answer .
The reason I was in <unk> that month was actually to support the juvenile leaders in a business summit .
We went down to about 90 juvenile leaders who are <unk> .
We sat down , and we had some ideas of ideas on the solutions to the big challenges facing the city .
One of the young people in the room was <unk> .
He went to the University of <unk> , graduated .
There was no job , no opportunity .
I remember when he told me , because she was a graduate college , unemployed , frustrated , was the perfect target for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations , to be recruited .
They were looking for people like him .
But this story takes a different path .
In <unk> , the biggest obstacle to get from Point A to B are the streets .
<unk> years of civil war have completely destroyed the road system , and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize .
He saw an opportunity and I rose up .
He started a motorcycle company .
It started to <unk> the local residents who normally could n't afford to do it .
I bought 10 motorcycles , with the help of his family and friends , and his dream is at some point to expand a hundred a lot of bikes for the next three years .
Why is this different story ?
What does this story do to this different story ?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity .
It 's the business spirit , and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the `` wait period . ''
To be young people to become the creators of the economic opportunities they 're looking so desperately .
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs .
I want to talk to you about a young man who went to one of my meetings , Mohamed <unk> , a florist .
It was helping me to train some of the young people at the height of entrepreneurship and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of entrepreneurship .
In fact , it 's the first florist that <unk> has seen over 22 years , and until Mohamed came , if you wanted flowers for your wedding , we were from plastic out from the foreign abroad .
If you give someone to somebody , `` When was the last time you saw fresh flowers ? ''
For those of you who grew up during the civil war , the answer would be , `` Never . ''
So Mohamed saw an opportunity .
It started a <unk> and floral design company .
He created a farm outside of <unk> , and began to grow PMS and <unk> , which he said , could survive the hard climate of <unk> .
And he started the delivery of flowers for weddings , creating gardens in the houses , and the city companies , and now he 's working on the creation of the first public park in 22 years .
There 's no public parks in <unk> .
He wants to create a space where families , young people , can go together , and , like , he says , smell the <unk> .
By the way , he does n't cultivate pink because they use a lot of water .
So the first step is to inspire young people , and in that room , the presence of Mohamed had a really profound impact on young people .
They had never thought about starting a business .
They had thought to work for an NGO , working for government , but their story , their innovation , really had a strong impact on them .
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity .
encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs , that might be <unk> .
For the end of the day , they had innovative solutions to some of the biggest challenges facing the city .
They do business solutions for local problems .
So , inspire young people to create a culture of entrepreneurial spirit is really a big step , but young people need capital to make their ideas happen .
They need an experience and guidance to guide them in the developing and set of their business .
By bringing young people with the resources they need , they demand support that need to move from conception to creation , and they will create <unk> for urban growth .
For me , the business spirit is more than starting a business .
It 's creating a social impact .
Mohamed 's not simply selling flowers .
I think it 's selling hope .
Their National Peace Park , this is how it calls it , when it 's created , transforming the way people see their city .
<unk> hired the street kids to help rent to rent and keep her motorbikes .
He gave them the opportunity to escape the period of the <unk> period .
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact on their cities .
So my suggestion is : to become young people in entrepreneurs , <unk> and eat their inherent innovation , and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks of Peace that <unk> and <unk> <unk> .
Thank you .
I was about 10 years old and I went to <unk> with my dad in the <unk> Mountains , an area <unk> north of the state of New York .
It was a beautiful day .
The <unk> forest .
The sun was making the leaves <unk> like a <unk> , and it 's not because of the way we were still , we could almost pretend we were the first human beings to put on that land .
We got to our camp .
It was a shed in a <unk> with view of a beautiful cola lake when I discovered something horrible .
And behind the shed , there was a dump , of about four square feet , with the heart of rotten apple balls , aluminum paper balls .
And I was shocked , I was very angry and incredibly confused .
The <unk> that were too lazy to pull out what they thought was going to clean up their garbage ?
That question went on with me , and it was simplified .
Who clean our trash ?
No matter how to organize or where put in the `` ours , '' who clean our trash in Istanbul ?
Who clean our garbage in Rio or Paris or in London ?
So here in New York , the clean Department of Energy , our garbage , and so of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day .
I wanted to know as individuals .
I wanted to understand who that work does .
What does it feel like to use the uniform and bring that load ?
So I started a research project with them .
I traveled in the trucks and I walked around the routes and I walked through people in offices and I learned a lot , but it was still a <unk> .
He needed to go into a dive .
So I started working as a trash compactor .
Now I 'm not just traveling in the trucks . I did it .
And it operated the mechanical mechanical <unk> .
It was a remarkable privilege and amazing learning .
Everybody asks about smell .
It 's there , but it 's not as prevalent as you believe , and in the days that it 's very strong , you get used to very quickly .
It costs a lot to get used to weight .
I met people who had been working on it for several years and their bodies were kept on the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week .
It 's also the danger .
According to the Office of the <unk> Statistics , waste collection is one of the ten most dangerous <unk> of the country , and I learned the reason .
You 're coming out and moving into traffic all day , and pass <unk> around you .
They just want to be <unk> , so usually the driver is not paying attention .
That 's very bad for worker .
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall into the truck , and they cause terrible harm .
I also learned about the relentless of garbage .
When you get out of the <unk> and you see a city from the back of the truck , you get to understand that the trash is like a force of nature itself .
It never stopped coming .
It 's also as a way of breathing or circulation .
It 's always going to be in motion .
And it 's also stigma .
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I think strongly that waste waste is the most important workforce in the streets of the city , for three reasons .
They are the first protective of public health .
If you do n't get rid of the waste of the efficient and effective form every day , this starts to <unk> from your containers and its dangers inherent in very real forms .
Disease that we had was controlled for decades and centuries back to sprout .
The economy needs it .
If we ca n't get rid of the old , we do n't have space for what the engines of the economy start to fail when it 's endangered .
I 'm not advocating for capitalism , I just point back your relationship .
And then there 's what I call our average daily speed rate .
And I mean , I 'm just just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time .
We usually do n't usually worry about it , and we cleaned up or take us with our cup of coffee , our bag of <unk> , our water bottle .
We use them , we pull them , we forget about them , because we know there 's a job force on the other side to commission .
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help reduce stigma and balances on that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city .
Their work , I think , is almost <unk> .
They 're on the street every day , in <unk> .
They use a uniform in many cities .
You know when you 're going to go .
And their work allows us to do our own .
They 're almost a relief .
The flow that keep us apart from ourselves , our own waste , our own waste , our waste , and that flow should always stay in one form or another .
One day after September 11 , 2001 , I listened to the cartoon from a waste collection from the road , he grabbed my little stairs , and I went down the stairs running , and there was a man doing his way of recycled paper recycled as I did every Wednesday .
And I tried to thank him for doing his work that particular day , but I started to cry .
And he looked at me and he just nodded , and he said , `` We 're going to be okay .
We 're going to be okay . ''
Shortly after that , I started investigating the waste collection , and I came back to see that man .
It 's called <unk> , and we worked together many times , and we made good friends .
I want to believe that I was right .
We 're going to be okay .
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species , we have to include and to account for all the costs , even the very real human cost of labor .
The municipal waste , what we think when we talk about garbage , they represent three percent of the nation 's waste .
It 's a remarkable statistic .
So in the flow of your day and your life , the next you see someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you , take a moment to recognize .
Take a moment to tell you , thank you .
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life being part of the environment where architecture is naturally born of conditions and local traditions .
I 've been making two recent projects today as an example of this .
Both projects are located in emerging countries , one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia .
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture .
The first example started with an invitation to design a <unk> mall in Ethiopia 's capital , Addis Ababa .
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example , my team and me , about what we had to design .
At first , the first thing I thought was , `` I want to run away . ''
After seeing some of these buildings , there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight .
In principle , these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores that people ca n't afford to buy things .
Second , you need to spend a lot of energy , because the lining of crystals generates heat inside , so it 's a lot of cooling .
In a city where this should n't happen because it 's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year .
And third , what it looks like is nothing to do with Africa and with Ethiopia .
It 's a shame for a place that 's so rich in culture and traditions .
In our first visit to Ethiopia , I was really engaged with the old marketplace that is this structure in the air , where thousands of people , they go and buy things every day to small marketers .
There 's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity .
So I thought , that 's what I really wanted to design , not a shopping mall .
But the question was how to build a modern <unk> building , applying these principles .
So the next challenge was presented to standardization the site , which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city , where most of the buildings that we see now in the picture , did n't exist .
And it 's also between two parallel streets that they 're not communicating on an extension of hundreds of meters .
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets , together all the entries in the building .
And this spreads with an inclined atrium that creates an outdoor space in the building that 's <unk> , by its own way , of the sun and the rain .
And around this space we 've applied the idea of the market with small businesses , which changes on each floor because of the shape of space .
I also thought , how to close the building ?
I wanted to find a solution to respond to the local climate conditions .
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a drilling shell to allow the air in the air , and also the light , but in a filtered way .
Then we were inspired by these beautiful buttons of the dresses .
They have fractal geometry , and it helped me model the facade .
We 're building that with these little statistical pieces that are windows that are windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way inside the building .
This would be attached to these little colored crystals that use the light inside of the building to illuminate the building at night .
And with these ideas , it was n't easy to convince developers because they thought , `` That 's not a shopping mall . It 's not what we asked . ''
But ultimately , we all realized that this idea of the market was going to be much more profitable than the mall , because at the end of the mall , there was more local to sell .
And also the idea of the facade was so much more economic , not just because of the material compared to the glass , but also because it was n't necessary as it was no longer necessary .
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project .
The first thing was to think about how to get the power of energy for the building in a city where the electricity is cut down almost every day .
So we got a great advantage by putting it up on the roof .
And then under those panels we think about the roof as a new public space with <unk> areas and bars that would create this urban oasis .
And these <unk> on the roof , which in together collect water for the inner places .
It 's expected for the beginning of the next year , because we 're on the fifth floor of building .
The second example is a master 2000 master plan and services in the city of Tunisia .
And to make a project so big , the biggest one I 've been designed , I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia but also its environment , its tradition and culture .
During that analysis , I put attention in the <unk> , a <unk> structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access to almost straight lines .
When I went to the place , the first design operation that we did was expanding the streets , creating 12 initial blocks similar to size and characteristics that there are in Barcelona and other cities of Europe with these courtyards .
In addition to that , we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the <unk> doors , and this changed the initial model .
And the final operation was to think about the cell , the small project of the project , like the apartment , as an essential part of the master plan .
I thought , what would the best orientation for an apartment in the legal climate ?
And it 's a waste , because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and so a natural ventilation .
So let 's take a scheme to make sure that most apartments are perfectly <unk> in that direction .
And this is the result that 's almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city .
It has these blocks with playgrounds , and then in the plant , we have all the connections to the pedestrians .
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density at higher levels and density in the low plant .
And it reinforces this idea of the doors .
The roof , which is my favorite space of the project is almost like giving up the community , the busy space of construction .
It 's where all neighbors , they can go up and socialize , and make such things like running a <unk> race in the morning , or jump from one building to another .
These two examples , they have a common approach in the design process .
And also , they 're in the emerging countries , where you can see the cities that are literally growing .
In these cities , the impact of architecture in the lives of people change communities and local economies at the same rate as the buildings grow .
For this reason , I see even more important to look at the architecture looking for simple , but affordable solutions , that improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have a goal to connect nature with the people .
Thank you very much .
When I was eight , a new girl entered our class . It was so remarkable , as you see all the new girls .
He had big amounts of hair and a small <unk> of pencils , and a little bit of pencils , and it was super strong for the capitals of the states , very good for <unk> .
And I ended up that year and I was full of jealousy , until I was pushing my sinister plan .
I stayed for a day after a school exit , and I hid in the girls ' bathroom .
When the coast was <unk> , salt , I walked into the classroom , I took my master 's book .
And then , I did .
I took the ratings out of my rival , just a little bit , just a few things .
All right . And I set up to get the book back to the drawer , but to see , some of my other colleagues had very good grades as well .
So , in a frenzy , we 'll make the notes around the world , without any imagination .
I put them all over <unk> and myself a row of this , just to be there , because I could ...
I 'm still surprised what I did .
I do n't understand how the idea came .
I do n't understand why I felt good doing it .
I felt important .
I do n't understand why I never got caught .
It was all obvious to it .
They never found me .
But most of all , I 'm going to get rid of the reason I was bothered by this little girl , so small , it was so good for <unk> .
I <unk> the jealousy .
They 're so mysterious and so <unk> .
We know that babies suffer from jealousy .
Also primates . The tiles are very likely .
We know that jealousy are the number one cause of spouses in the United States .
And yet I 've never seen a study that we 're looking at loneliness , or the long duration or the sadness .
And so , you have to go to fiction , because the novels are like the laboratory in which jealousy are in all possible forms .
In fact , I do n't know if it 's exaggeration to say that if it had n't had jealousy , it would have been either literature .
Well , there would be none of the <unk> , there 's no `` A '' .
There would be no king jealous , or `` The <unk> . ''
There was no Shakespeare .
I read lists of high school reading , because we would be losing `` The Noise and <unk> '' -- there would be no `` Madame <unk> '' `` Madame <unk> , '' and `` My K . ''
No jealousy , no Proust . I know it 's fashionable to say that said it has the answers to everything , and in terms of jealousy , almost that has all of them .
This year , they get 100 years of their masterpiece , `` In search of the <unk> , '' the most extensive study of jealousy sexual and also the ordinary competitiveness , of mine , everything we could have , and thinking about Proust , we have the details , right ?
We thought about a child trying to reconcile sleep .
We thought in a <unk> , you know , you know , you know , you know .
We forgot how hard that image is .
We forget about how relentless it is .
I mean , it 's about books that Virginia <unk> said they were as hard as <unk> .
I do n't know what the cat <unk> , but we suppose it 's <unk> .
Let 's see why they go so well together , the novel and jealousy -- jealousy and Proust .
It 's going to be very obvious as jealousy , which is reduced to the person , their desire , to their impairments , are a very strong narrative ?
I do n't know . I think we get very close to the bone , when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy .
When we feel jealousy , we tell ourselves a story .
A story about other people 's lives , and those stories make us feel terrible because they 're designed for that , to make us feel bad .
Being an storytellers and an audience , we know exactly what to include , to nail the knife , right ?
<unk> do all amateur novelists , and that 's something that Proust understood .
Everything that she does to give me pleasure to give me pleasure to another , maybe right now . ''
And he starts by arguably that story , and since then , Proust says that every fresh charm <unk> can see in his lover , adds him to his collection of torture of torture in his private chamber .
You have to admit that <unk> and Proust , were notoriously jealous .
You know , Herschel 's boyfriends would have to leave the country , if they wanted to break down .
But you do n't have to be so jealous to recognize that it 's a hard job . Right ?
<unk> are <unk> .
It 's a hungry emotion .
And how are jealousy ?
The jealousy are <unk> from information .
<unk> use the details .
The jealousy like the big quantities of hair and cute and little <unk> of pencils .
The jealousy are <unk> from the photos .
That 's why Instagram is so successful , Proust links the language <unk> with the jealousy .
When <unk> is in his agony of jealousy , suddenly listening behind the doors and <unk> the quarters of his lover , then it defends those behaviors .
He says , `` Look , I know you think this is disgusting , but it 's not different from the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says , `` These are scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
Proust is trying to prove that jealousy are seen <unk> , and they make it seem to be <unk> , but in their core , they 're seeking knowledge , search for truth , a painful truth . In fact , what Proust cares about , the more painful the truth , the better .
Pain , humiliation , the loss : These were the pathways towards Proust wisdom .
He says , `` A woman who we need , that makes us suffer , causes to us , a lot of feelings more profound and more vital than a wise man that can be interested in . ''
Is it telling us that we 're going to look for cruel women ?
No . I think it 's trying to say that jealousy reveal us ourselves .
Is there any other emotion that makes us open to us this particular way ?
Is there any other emotion reveals us , our horrible ambition and our rights ?
Do you have any other emotion that teaches us to look at such peculiar intensity ?
Freud would write about this later .
One day , Freud was visited by a very nervous young young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife <unk> him .
And Freud said that there was something weird in that man , who did n't know what his wife was doing .
Well , she was innocent ; everybody knew it .
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause .
But he was looking for things that his wife did , not realizing involuntary behavior .
Do you get too much ? Or do you accidentally get a man ?
Freud said that the man was becoming the <unk> of the unconscious of his wife .
The novels are really good at this .
Now , novels describe very well how jealousy make us look at intensity but without precision .
In fact , the more intensely jealous we are , we become the residents of fantasy .
And for this reason , I believe , jealousy are led to doing violent or illegal acts .
<unk> drives us to behave in a totally <unk> way .
Now I 'm thinking of me at the age of eight , I recognize it . But I 'm also thinking about this story that I heard about the news .
A woman in Michigan was captured by having created a false account on Facebook since they sent <unk> <unk> , horrible themselves , for a year .
For a year . A year .
She was trying to get her to the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend , and I have to tell you that when I or this , I reacted with admiration .
Because we will be realistic .
How huge , though unfortunate , creativity . Right ?
It 's like novel .
Like a novel <unk> novel .
<unk> is one of my favorites .
She 's a very strange and brilliant guy from American literature .
It 's the author of `` <unk> in a <unk> '' and `` The <unk> Mr. <unk> , '' books that are trying about jealousy , our minds , and once we 're in the sphere , in the realm of jealousy , the membrane that separates what it is , can be <unk> in a moment .
Take Tom <unk> , his most famous character .
Tom <unk> goes from <unk> , or want what you 've got to do with you , and you 'd like you ever got , and it 's under the floor , <unk> it to your name , takes your rings , you 'd empty your bank accounts .
It 's a way .
But what do we do ? We ca n't take the route of Tom <unk> .
I ca n't give you <unk> around the world , as much as I would like .
It 's a pity , because we live in the times of envy .
We live in times of jealousy .
I mean , we 're good citizens of social networks , where the currency is the envy ? Right ?
The novels show us the way ? I 'm not sure .
So let 's do what the characters always do when they 're not secure , when they 're at a mystery .
Let 's go through Baker Street and ask by Sherlock Holmes .
When people think at Holmes , think about the <unk> curse at Professor Moriarty , that criminal genius .
But I 've always spent on <unk> <unk> , the head face of rat <unk> , which needs desperately desperately , needs Mr. Holmes ' genius , but it bothers him .
It sounds so familiar .
<unk> needs their help , but they would plug it up , and they 'll get bitterness in each of the mysteries .
But as they work together , something starts to change , and finally in `` The <unk> of The Six <unk> '' -- once coincidentally comes in , <unk> all with its solution , <unk> it back to Holmes and says , `` We 're not jealous , Mr. Holmes .
We 're proud of you . ''
And he tells you that there 's no person in Scotland who do n't want to raise my hand .
It 's one of the times that we see transferred to transferred to history . I think this is very emotional . That scene is also mysterious , right ?
It seems to treat jealousy as a problem of geometry , without emotion .
You know , in a minute quantum side is the opposite side of <unk> .
The next minute you 're on the same side .
All of a sudden , <unk> you can admire that idea of being the <unk> .
Could it even be that simple ?
What if jealousy are really a matter of geometry , just a question of where we allow us to be relative to the other ?
Well , maybe we do n't have to get away from the greatness in the other .
We can engage with it .
But I like the contingency plans .
So as we hope that 's going to happen , let 's remember that we have fiction for <unk> .
Only fiction <unk> jealousy .
fiction used to be used , he invites them to the table .
And look at what puts it : the sweet <unk> , the terrifying Tom <unk> , the <unk> , Marcel Proust himself .
We 're at great company .
Thank you .
We used to solve big problems .
On July 21 , 1969 , Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the module of Apollo 11 and landed on the <unk> Sea .
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone , but his presence in the gray surface was the culmination of a collective collective process .
The Apollo program was the largest mobilization in the history of America 's history .
To get to the moon , NASA spent about 180 billion dollars of today , or four percent of the federal budget .
The Apollo gave a 400,000 people about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies , universities and government agencies .
People died , including the crew of Apollo 1 .
But before the Apollo Apollo program <unk> , 24 men went to the moon .
She walked on her surface , of which Aldrin Aldrin been represented after Armstrong 's death last year , is now the most old man .
So why were they ?
They did n't have a lot of all back : There were old rocks , and something that the 24 <unk> later , a new sense of the introduction and the fragility of our common home .
Why were they ? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate to the Soviets , that this nation had better rockets .
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea .
John F. Kennedy : Some people ask , why the moon ?
Why turn it into our goal ?
And you could also ask , why do you climb the top mountain ?
35 years ago , why fly over the Atlantic ?
Why play Rice against Texas ?
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon .
We choose to go to the moon in this decade , and do other things , not because they 're simple , but because they 're hard .
Jason <unk> : For the contemporaries , the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about this in the Cold War .
At the time , the stronger emotion was the question of wonder to transcendence of the powers of technology .
It was because it was a great thing to do .
landing on the Moon in a context of a long list of technological victories .
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane , penicillin and the vaccine for tuberculosis .
In the middle of the century , it was <unk> and removed the smallpox .
The technology seemed to own what Alvin <unk> in 1970 called `` <unk> force . ''
For most of the story of humanity , we could n't go faster than a horse , or a sailing ship , but in 1969 , the crew of Apollo 10 was flew at 40,000 miles / hour .
From 1970 , no human being has gone to the moon .
No one has traveled faster than the crew of Apollo 10 , and the optimism of the technology of the technology has evaporated to see that problems that we imagine <unk> technology , to go to Mars , create a clean energy , cure cancer , or feed the world population seem to be intractable .
I remember looking at Apollo 17 .
I was five years old , and my mother told me that I did n't look at the <unk> tube of the rocket Saturn .
I knew that this would be the final mission that would be the final mission , but I was completely sure that I 'd come to see the colonies on Mars .
So , that sort of thing happened to our ability to solve problems with technology , has become a common place .
We hear it all the time .
We 've heard it for the last two days here at TED .
It looks as if the technologists would have fused us together and have enriched them with trivial toys , things like iPhones and applications and social networks , or algorithms that speed the automated sales .
There 's nothing wrong with most of these things .
They have expanded and enriched our lives .
But they do n't address the big problems of humanity .
What happened ?
There 's a parochial explanation in Silicon Valley , which <unk> that they 've created less ambitious companies that the ones in the years that we were at Intel , Microsoft , Apple and <unk> .
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits , in particular , the incentives that venture capitalists offer to business .
Silicon Valley says that the risk investment caused the creation of <unk> ideas by the funding of incremental problems or even false problems .
But I do n't think this explanation is good enough .
<unk> mainly what 's wrong with <unk> Valley .
Even when the risk capitalists were at its peak at the end of the risk , they preferred small investment , tiny investment , lower investments of what they could go out in 10 years .
<unk> . They 've always had problems to invest in technologies like energy , which need a huge capital , and whose development is in the long term . They have never invested in the developing technologies of trying to solve big problems because they do n't have an immediate commercial value .
No , the reasons we ca n't solve the big problems are more complicated and more profound .
Sometimes we choose to do not solve the big problems .
We could go to Mars if we wanted .
NASA has even designed a plan .
But going to Mars , it would require a political decision that would be popular , and that will never happen .
We wo n't go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth .
Sometimes , we ca n't solve the big problems because political systems fail .
Today , less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar , wind and <unk> . Less than two percent , and the reason is completely economic .
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind , and oil is cheaper than <unk> .
We want some alternative energy sources that can compete at price . They do n't exist .
Now , technologists , technologists and economists agree about what policies and international treaties are trying to develop the development of an alternative energy : mainly a significant increase in research and development , and some kind of coal control .
But there is no hope in the political climate today that we 're going to see an energy policy of the U.S. or international treaties that reflect that consensus .
Sometimes the big problems that looked like technological , it turns out not to be .
We know for a while that starvation are a result of failure to the food allocation .
But 30 years of research have taught us that starvation are political crisis that affect the distribution of food .
Technology can improve things like crop crops , or the systems for the storage , but there will be famine while there were bad governments .
Finally , the big problems sometimes give you a solution , because we do n't really understand the problem .
President Nixon declared the war in 1971 , but soon we found out that there are many types of cancer , some harder resistant to treatment , and only over the last 10 years seem to be found effective and viable treatments .
The hard problems are hard .
It 's not true that we can not solve problems with technology .
We can and we have to , but these four elements have to be here : politicians and people have to want to solve the problem , and institutions must support the solution ; it should be really about a technological problem , and we should be able to understand it .
The Apollo mission , which has become something like a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems , it meets those criteria .
But it 's a model model in the future .
We 're not in 1961 .
There 's no <unk> competition like the Cold War , there 's no politician like John Kennedy that would be difficult and dangerous , and there 's no <unk> <unk> science fiction to explore the solar system .
In general , going to the moon , it turned out to be simple .
It was only three days .
And really , I was n't even dealing with any problem .
We 're alone in our present , and the solutions of the future will be harder to get .
God knows that we are not missing the challenges .
Thank you very much .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk about trust , and I 'm going to start with you , and I 'm going to start by <unk> the subjective ideas that you have about trust .
They 're so common that they 've become Universe from our society .
I think it 's three .
The first is a claim : there 's been a great decline of trust , is a very widespread belief .
The second is a goal : we should have more confidence .
And the third is a task : we should recover trust .
I think that the claim is , the goal and the task have been bad interpreted .
What I 'm going to try and tell you today is a different story about a claim , a goal and a task , that I think it gives a clearer idea about the topic .
First of all , say , why do people think that trust has decreased ?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence , I do n't know the answer .
I will bow to think that you can have decreased in some activities or institutions , and it could have gone up in others .
I do n't know that .
But I can turn to opinion surveys , and the opinion polls are supposed to be the source of the belief that the trust has decreased .
When you look at surveys 's minds over time , there are no evidence of it .
I mean , the people who were signing up 20 years ago , mainly journalists and politicians , they still inspired the same mistrust .
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago are still quite reliable : judges , nurses .
The rest of us are in the middle , and by the way , the average citizen on the street is almost exactly halfway .
But is this evidence ?
What recorded opinion polls are , of course , opinions .
What else can you record ?
What you 're looking at is the generic attitudes that people exist when they ask certain questions .
Do you trust politicians ? Trust teachers ?
Now , if someone asked you , `` Did you go on the <unk> ? ''
Do you go into the fishermen ?
<unk> on primary school teachers ? ''
You 'd probably say , `` To do what ? ''
And that would be a very sane response .
And you could say , when you 've answered your question , `` Well , I trust some , but others not . ''
Which is very rational .
Ultimately , in real life , we tend to deposit trust in <unk> .
We do n't assume that the level of trust we 're going to feel like a certain kind of officer , a official or kind of person , is going to be uniform in all cases .
I could , for example , to say I trust a certain primary teacher who I know to give the class class , but no way to drive the school <unk> .
After all , I could know that it was n't a good driver .
I could trust my youngest friend to keep a conversation , but not maybe to keep a secret .
Simple .
And if we 've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is <unk> , why do we stop all that knowledge when we think of trust in the most abstract form ?
I think these surveys are really bad tools to measure the real level of real trust , because they 're trying to make the good judgment in the fact of trusting something or someone .
Secondly , what about the goal ?
The goal is to have more confidence .
Frankly , I think it 's a stupid goal .
It 's not that target that I 'm going to do .
I will get more confidence in what 's <unk> confidence , but not what it is .
Ultimately , I 'm keen to do not trust what you 're not reliable .
And I believe that those people who were saving their savings with the very rightly called Mr. Madoff , who then disappeared with them , I think , and I think , well , they were too confident .
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life .
Confidence versus intelligence , that 's the right goal .
Once you say , yes , yes , that means that what matters first is not trust , but trustworthiness .
So this is about doing a judgment of how reliable people are in certain ways .
And I think that we can do a judgment , we 're forced to focus on three things .
Are they competent ? Are they honest ? Are they responsible ?
And if we found that a person is competent in <unk> subjects , and it 's responsible and honest , then we 'll have a very good reason for trusting it , because it 's going to be confidence .
But if , on the contrary , they are not responsible , we could n't trust them .
I have friends who are competent , and honest , but they did n't get into them to get a letter to the email , because they 're <unk> .
I have friends who are very confident that you can do certain things , but I see that you 're going to get your own skills .
And I 'm very happy to say that I do n't have many friends who are competent and responsible , but extremely <unk> .
If it 's like that , I did n't realize it .
But that 's what we 're looking for : trustworthiness before you trust .
Self-confidence is the answer .
trustworthiness is what we need to judge .
And of course , it 's hard .
In the last few decades , we 've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions , professionals , officials and so on , that made us easier for us to judge their trustworthiness .
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect .
They do n't work as they should .
And I remember once he was talking to a <unk> , and he said , `` Well , you 'll see , the problem is that it takes longer to do the management paperwork that I 'll attend to itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public and institutional lives that the accountability system that is destined to ensure the trustworthiness , and the testing of trustworthiness , is actually doing the opposite .
What they do is it 's hard for the work of people who have to do hard tasks , like the midwives , <unk> that `` Do the boxes , '' as we say .
You must have all these similar examples .
All of that , for the goal .
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness , and that things would be different if we tried to be worthy of trust , and we will encourage people we 're trustworthy and if we treated determine whether other people , officials were officials or politicians are trustworthy .
It 's not easy . It 's judgment , simple actions , attitudes do n't do properly .
Third , the task .
<unk> the task to rebuild trust , puts things upside down .
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust .
Well , we can do it with ourselves .
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness .
We can do it if they 're two people , together , trying to improve trust .
But trust , ultimately , it 's distinctive because people give us other people .
You ca n't rebuild what other people have given you .
You have to give them enough the bases so you can trust you .
You have to be worthy of trust .
And that , of course , is because you ca n't trick , usually to all people , all the time .
But you also have to contribute to evidence that you 're worthy of trust .
How do you do that ?
That 's a daily basis , everywhere , does the ordinary people , the officials , the institutions , very effectively .
I 'll give you a simple commercial example .
The store where I buy my socks to say I can return them with no explanations .
I take them and return to the money , or they change them for the color that I want .
That 's great . I rely on them because they become vulnerable to me .
I think there 's a great lesson in that .
If you come back to the other side , that 's a very good proof that you 're worthy of trust , and you have confidence in what you 're saying .
So , at the end , I think what we 're looking at is not a very difficult thing to figure out .
What people trust is in relationships , and in that framework , they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust .
Thank you .
From the beginning of computers , we 've been spending work by reducing the separation between us and the digital information , the separation between our material world and the world of the screen where the imagination can be <unk> .
This separation has gone down , increasingly and more , to such a point that today is less than one millimeter , the thickness of a glass display , and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone .
But I wonder , if there were no barriers ?
I started imagining what it would be like .
So first I created this tool that we move into digital space , so that when the strong <unk> against the screen is the physical body of the physical body .
Designers can bring their ideas directly into 3D , and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen .
So , with this tool , they break the barriers .
But the two hands remain still out of the screen .
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the skill of hands ?
In the <unk> Science division of Microsoft , along with my <unk> <unk> , <unk> the computer and transformed a small space on the keyboard in a digital <unk> area .
So , we combined a see-through bombsight with camera cameras to detect the fingers and the face , now you can pick up the hands of the keyboard , get the inside of the 3D space , and grab pixels directly with the hands .
As the windows and the files have a location in real space , it 's so easy to grab a book on a shelf .
You can flip through the book and you 're going to highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that 's down on every floating screen .
The architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands .
In these examples , we 're living in the digital world .
What if we invest the roles and we make digital information come to us ?
Surely , many of us will be bought and returned things through the Internet .
Now that does n't have to worry about .
So what I have here is a virtual <unk> online .
This is the vision that you get from a device on your head or translucent when the system is understanding the geometry of your body .
If we take this idea further , I thought , instead of just seeing pixels in space , how can we make physical physicists so that we can touch them and feel them ?
What would be a future like that ?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator <unk> Post , we created this one physical pixel .
This spherical magnet behaves like a pixel in 3D in space , which means that both the computer as the users can move the object anywhere inside this tiny three-dimensional space .
<unk> , what we did was we <unk> gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors .
And by programming digitally the object , we release it from the restrictions of time and space , which means that human movements can <unk> and reproduce and stay forever in the physical world .
They can be taught physically , and at a distance , and famous shot from Michael Jordan , you can reproduce as a physical reality , the time we wanted .
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets , the physics , and , unlike monitors or textbooks , this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It 's very powerful .
But what 's more fascinating than changing the physics of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our physical activities .
As you can see , digital information is not just going to show us something , but to start acting directly on us as part of the physical world around us , and we have to get rid of our world .
We started the talk today talking about a barrier , but if we suppress that barrier , the only limit that 's left is our imagination .
Thank you .
I 'm going to become a gymnast for two years in <unk> , China , in the '70s .
When I was in the first grade , the government wanted to beat a school for daily athletes .
But my tiger mother said , `` No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering , like them .
After surviving the Cultural Revolution , they believed strongly that there was only an accurate path to happiness : a secure safe job .
No matter if the job I 'd like or not .
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer .
This was me , in my imaginary piano .
An opera singer needs to start <unk> from very young to learn the tricks , so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school .
I even wrote to the director of the school and the presenter of a radio show .
But any adults would tell you the idea .
No adult took me seriously .
Only my friends were supportive , but they were children , without authority , like me .
So , at age 15 , I knew that it was too much bigger to train .
My dream will never be done .
<unk> , that during the rest of my life , a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to .
And this was so unfair .
So I solved another calling .
No one to me wanted to teach me ? Okay .
You go to books .
[ `` Works <unk> , '' of <unk> -- ( `` <unk> of History , '' ] [ `` Over Nan History '' ] I came to America in 1995 , and what were the first books that I read here ?
Those who were banned in China , of course .
`` The Great Earth '' is about Chinese Chinese life .
And it 's not a convenient propaganda . <unk> .
The Bible is interesting , but strange .
That 's one subject for another day .
But the fifth commandment to me was an epiphany , `` <unk> your father and your mother . ''
`` <unk> , '' I said , `` It 's so different , and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this trap <unk> , and to restart the relationship with my parents .
I find it with a new culture also given to my comparative reading habit .
Let 's get a lot of perspectives .
For example , at the beginning , this map seemed to me , because this is what the students in China learn .
It had never occurred to me , that China did n't have to be in the center of the world .
A map involves the perspective of people .
comparative reading is not new .
It 's common practice in the academic world .
There are a field of research , as comparative religion and comparative literature .
Comparing and contrast , offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject .
And I thought if comparative reading worked for research , why not do it in everyday life ?
So I started reading books from two .
They can be about people , `` Benjamin Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] [ `` John Adams '' ] who were involved in one event , or friends with shared experiences .
For the Christ , temptation are economic , political and spiritual .
By Buddha , they 're all psychological : lust , fear and social duty -- interesting .
If you know another language , it 's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages .
[ `` The Road of The Tao '' Thomas <unk> ] [ `` The Tao 's path '' Alan <unk> : Instead of losing the translation , I found that you can win a lot of it .
For example , it 's through the translation that I realized that `` happiness '' in Chinese is literally `` joy . ''
And `` girlfriend '' in Chinese , literally means `` new mother . ''
The books opened a magic door to reconnect with people from the past and the present .
I know I would n't go back to feeling alone or powerless never .
Having a sleep dream really is not compared to what many others have suffered .
I 've come to believe that fulfillment is not the only purpose of a dream .
Their most important purpose is to connect us with the place that the dreams come from , where the passion comes from where happiness comes from .
Even an shattered dream can do that for you .
And it 's because of books , I 'm here today , happy , living again with purpose and clearly , most of the time .
So the books will always come along .
Thank you .
Thank you .
When I was in my <unk> , I saw my first client of psychotherapy .
I was a Ph.D. student in psychology in Berkeley at Berkeley .
She was a 12-year-old woman named Alex .
And Alex came into the first session using jeans and a <unk> , threw on the couch my office took off the shoes , and told me he wanted to talk about his problems with men .
When I heard this , I felt so relieved .
My class companion had a <unk> .
And to me , I was a little bit like a <unk> that I wanted to talk about men .
I thought I could handle it .
But I did n't .
With the stories that Alex brought in the sessions , it was made easy to just move my head while I 'm going to fix the solution .
`` Thirty are the new 20s , '' he said Alex , and what I saw , she was right .
You start working later , you go home later , you have children later , to death afterwards .
For <unk> as Alex and I had time of time .
But shortly after , my supervisor 's supervisor to me to push Alex to talk about his loving life .
I stood up .
I said , `` Sure , it 's coming out with guys under their category , he sits down with a head <unk> , but it 's not like he was to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said , `` Still not , but maybe you get married next .
Also , the best time to work in Alex is before they get married . ''
This is what psychologists call a `` Aha ! ''
It was when I realized that the '30s is not the new <unk> .
Yes , people feel head after what they used to do , but this did n't have the <unk> of Alex to be a pause in their development .
This made the <unk> of Alex as the perfect time , and we were wasting it away .
So I realized , this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem , and I had real consequences , not just for Alex and his loving life , but for the careers , the families and the future of <unk> everywhere .
There are 50 million <unk> in America today .
This means 15 percent of the population , or 100 percent if they consider that no one comes at age without just going through the <unk> .
Raise your hand if you 're in your <unk> .
I want to see the <unk> here .
Oh , yeah . They 're amazing .
If you work with <unk> , you love a 20-year-old , you remove the dream of a 20-year-old , I want to see . Okay . Incredible , <unk> .
This is not just my view . These are the facts .
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will spend 35 years .
This means that eight of 10 decisions and experiences and `` Aha ! '' that they give its life to have happened to be in the time when they 're 30 and so many .
People of over 40 , are not trained .
This audience is going to be OK , I think .
We know that the first 10 years of a career have an exponential impact on the amount of money they win .
We know more than half the Americans are married , they live or are coming out with their future partner at the age of 30 .
We know that the brain ends up its second and final stage of growth in its <unk> and <unk> for adulthood , which means that if there 's something you want to change yourself , it 's now the moment to change it .
We know that the personality changes more times during their <unk> than at any time in life , and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28 , and things become complicated at 35 .
<unk> are the time for education on their body and their options .
When we think about the development of the child , we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain .
It 's a moment in which your everyday life and common life has an impact on the person that you 'll become .
But what we do n't hear often is there is something called adult development and our <unk> are a critical moment in adult development .
But this is not what the <unk> are listening .
newspapers talk about changes in the timeline of adulthood .
Researchers call them an extended adolescence .
journalists name <unk> names as `` <unk> '' and `` <unk> . ''
It 's true .
As a culture , we 've considered a triviality , which is actually the decade that defines adulthood .
Leonard <unk> said that to accomplish big things , you need a plan and not enough time .
Is n't it true ?
What do you think happens when you give <unk> a 20-year-old in your head and say , `` Do you have another 10 years to start your life ? ''
Nothing happens .
They stole that person the sense of urgency and their ambition and nothing happens .
And then every day , smart , smart , interesting <unk> like you or your children and daughters get to my office and say something like this : `` I know my boyfriend is not good for me , but this relationship does n't count . I 'm just killing time . ''
Or they say , `` Everybody says that as I start a career before 30 , everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound like this : `` My <unk> are by <unk> , and I still have nothing to show .
I had better rsum , the day I graduated from college . ''
And then it starts to sound like this : `` My quotes during the <unk> were like the game of the chairs .
They were all running , and they 'll get together , but then at some point around the age of 30 , the music turned off and all started to sit .
I did n't want to be the only one who would stand , so sometimes I think married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the <unk> here ?
Do n't do that .
Well , that sounds a little bit extreme , but not wrong , the risks are very high .
When you leave a lot of things for the '30s , there 's a huge pressure on 30 , and so many of you start a career , pick a city , choose a couple , and have two or three children in a long time long time .
Many of these things are n't compatible , and there are research that start to show , which is much more difficult and stressful doing everything once to the '30s .
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars .
It 's about realizing that you ca n't have the career you want now .
You realize that you ca n't have the son you want now , or you ca n't give her a brother to your child .
Many <unk> and <unk> look at themselves , and to me , sitting in the room , and they talk about their <unk> , `` What was he doing ? What was he thinking ? ''
I want to change what the <unk> are doing and thinking .
Here 's a story of how it might be .
It 's a story about a woman named Emma .
At 25 , Emma came to my office because she was , in his own words , having an identity crisis .
He said he 'd like to work in art or entertainment , but you still do n't decide , so I spent the last few years working as a <unk> .
As it was cheaper , he lived with a boyfriend , who showed more temperament .
And despite living some very difficult <unk> , their previous life had even been more difficult .
And so often in our sessions , but then she was getting up after saying , `` You do n't choose your family , but you can choose your friends . ''
Well , one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour .
I had just bought a new book book , and I 'd spent the whole morning with her many contacts , but then he was staring at the empty space that follows after the words `` In case emergency words , please call ... ''
He was about the hysteria when he saw me and said , `` Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident ?
Who 's going to take care of me if it gives me cancer ? ''
At that time , it took me a lot of work to resist and not say , `` I . ''
What Emma needed was not a <unk> that was worried about .
So Emma needed a better life , and I knew this was his opportunity .
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as I was just sitting while the decisive decade of Emma was in front .
So for the next few weeks and months , I said to Emma three things that all 20-year-old or woman , deserves to know .
First , I said to Emma that he would be forgetting that identity crisis and <unk> identity .
For identity capital , I mean doing something that add value to your person .
Doing something that 's an investment in what you want to be later .
I did n't know the future of my Emma 's career , and nobody knows the future of work , but I know this : identity capital generates identity capital .
So now it 's the time for that work on the other side of the country , from that boarding side of that company that wants to prove .
I 'm not <unk> exploration , I 'm rejecting the exploration that I should not count , that , by the way , is not exploration .
It 's <unk> .
I said to Emma that he would explore jobs and to make them count .
Second , I said to Emma that the urban tribes are <unk> .
The best friends are great to take you up to the airport , but the <unk> who come together with similar minds with similar minds just by who you know , what you think about , how do you think about how you think , how do you speak , and where you 're working .
That new piece of capital , that new person who would come out almost always comes from his closest circle .
The new things come from what they 're called a weak bond friends of their friends .
Yes , half of the <unk> have a bad job or they do n't have a job .
But the other half no , and the weak ties are the form of <unk> to this group .
Half the work has never been published , then , meet the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published .
It 's not cheating . It 's science of how information is happening .
And finally , not less important , Emma believed that you do n't choose his family , but I know your friends .
This was true when I was growing up , but like <unk> , Emma soon <unk> his family , when I have a couple and form his own family .
I said to Emma that time to choose his family .
You might think that 30 is better enough to sit down the head that the 20 or even 25 and I agree with you .
But choice to the person you live with right now , or now , when everybody on Facebook start to walk towards the altar , it 's not progress .
The best time to work in your marriage is before you have it , and that means being intentional in love as you are at work .
<unk> your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or kill time with whoever you choose them .
So what happened with Emma ?
Well we looked at that directory , and she found the roommate of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state .
This weak bond helped him get a job there .
That supply of work gave him a reason for the boyfriend that he lived with .
Now , five years later , it 's special about events in museums .
This married a man who chose consciously .
She loves his new career , she loves her new family , and I send a letter to say , `` Now the emergency spaces of emergency network are not big enough . ''
Emma may sound easy , but that 's what I love about working with <unk> .
It 's very easy to help you .
<unk> are like airplanes coming out from the Los Angeles airport , which come out somewhere in the West .
Just before takeoff , a light set in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji .
In the same way , at 21 or 25 , a good deal , a good deal , a good break , a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the next few years or even the next generations .
Here 's my idea worth spreading all the <unk> .
It 's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex .
It 's what I 'm privileged now to tell you how <unk> every day : The <unk> are not the new <unk> , <unk> their old age , get identity capital , use their weak ties , choose your family .
They will not be defined by what they did n't know or what they did n't know .
They 're deciding their life today .
Thank you .
When I was 27 years old , I left a very senior job for management management for a job that was even more picky : faculty .
I went to teach them to teach seventh graders in New York City public schools .
And as any teacher , I applied testing and testing .
I gave you tasks .
When the work came back , we ran the grades .
What struck me was that I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and my worst students .
Some of them who had better performance do n't have <unk> scores .
Some of my smartest kids was n't going so good .
And that made me think .
The kind of thing you need to learn in seventh grade , safe , are hard : proportions , <unk> , the area of a parallelogram .
But these concepts are not impossible and I was convinced that every one of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during the long time .
After several years later , I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a <unk> perspective , from a psychological perspective .
In education , the only thing we know about how to measure better ways .
But what if we succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn very quickly and easy ?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist .
I started studying children and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios , and in every study my question was , who 's successful here and why ?
My research team and I went to the U.S. military <unk> .
We 're trying to predict what <unk> <unk> in military training and who <unk> .
We went to the National Yo-Yo Contest and we tried to predict what children we were as far as possible in the competition .
We studied professors experiments working in really hard neighborhoods , and what teachers are still going to be teaching for the end of the school year and the people who will be the most effective in improving the results of learning from their students ?
We partnered with private companies , asking , which of these marketers are going to keep their job on ?
And who 's going to make more money ?
In all of these very different contexts , it emerged a feature as a major predictor of success .
And it was n't social intelligence .
It was n't the good appearance , the physical health and it was n't <unk> .
It was determination .
Aid is passion and perseverance to achieving long-term goals .
determination is to have resistance .
determination is to hold on their future , day after day , not just a week , not just for the month , but for years and working hard to make that future a reality .
determination is to live life as if it was a marathon , not a career at all .
A few years ago , I started studying determination in the public schools in Chicago .
And I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination , and then waited about more than a year to see who they 're going to get away .
It turns out that children with more determination were significantly more likely to graduate , even when I paired it in every feature that I could measure , things like family income , the results of standardized tests , even security who felt the kids when they were in school .
So it 's not just in West Point or the National Yo-Yo Contest in which it matters the determination , and it 's also in school , especially for children at the risk of <unk> .
For me , the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know about the science of development .
Every day , parents and teachers ask me , `` How do we develop purpose in children ?
What should I do to teach kids a hard job ethic ?
How do I keep them motivated for the long-term ? ''
The most honest answer is , I do n't know . What I know is that talent does n't give you purpose .
Our data shows very clearly that there are many individuals who are simply not going on with their engagements .
In fact , in our data , they 're commonly related to or even related to the talent measures .
So far , the best idea I 've ever heard about developing purpose in children is something called the growth mindset .
This is an idea that was developed at Stanford University by Carol <unk> , and it 's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed , that it can change with effort .
Dr. <unk> has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge , they 're much more prone to <unk> when they fail , because they do n't believe that it 's a permanent condition .
So the growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination .
But we need more .
And that 's where my speech will end , because that 's where we are .
That 's the work we have ahead .
We need to take our best ideas , our stronger intuitions , and we need to test them .
We need to measure if they 've been successful and we have to be willing to fail , to get wrong , to start everything again with the lessons that we 've learned .
In other words , we need to be certain about making our kids more certain .
Thank you .
<unk> in Taiwan as the daughter of a <unk> , one of my <unk> memories is my mother <unk> beauty , the shape and the shape of the Chinese characters .
From that moment , I was thrilled by this amazing language .
But for a foreigner , it seems to be as impenetrable as the Great Wall of China .
In the last few years , I 've been wondering if I can break down this wall , so whoever you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do that .
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese might be useful .
Since I was five years old , I started learning how to draw each one of the strokes in every character in the right sequence .
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years .
Since we only have five minutes , it 's better than we do it in a faster and simple way .
A Chinese academic <unk> 20,000 characters .
You only need a thousand to understand basic literacy .
The first 200 will allow the first 200 percent of the basic literature , enough to read traffic signals , pop-up menus , <unk> , understand the basic idea of the pages or the newspaper .
Today , I 'll start with eight to show you how the method works .
Are you ready ?
You open your mouth as much as you can even be square .
You get a mouth .
This is a person who 's going to take a walk .
<unk> .
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides , as if I was yelling , `` Help ! ! I 'm burning ! '' This symbol actually is originally originally from the form of it , but I like to believe it 's in the other way . It 's going to make them work .
This is a tree .
tree tree tree .
This is a mountain .
The sun .
The moon .
The symbol of the door looks like a couple of doorstep in the old West .
I call these eight characters .
They 're building blocks so that they believe many more characters .
One person .
If someone walks back , that 's `` follow . ''
As the old saying , two are a company , three are a crowd .
If a person stretch their arms , this person is saying , `` It was like this big . ''
The person inside the mouth , the person 's stuck .
It 's a prisoner , just like <unk> inside the whale .
A tree is a tree . Two trees together , we have a forest .
Three trees together , we also have the forest .
Put a board under the tree , we have the foundations .
Take a mouth over the tree , that 's an idiot . Easy to remember , because a tree 's speaker is quite an idiot .
Do you remember the fire ?
Two fires , it gets very hot .
Three fires , that 's a lot of flames .
Put the fire under the two trees , that 's burn .
For us , the sun is the source of prosperity .
Two suns together , thriving .
Three together , those are flashes .
Look at the sun and the Moon , that 's the brightness .
It also means tomorrow , after one day and one night .
The sun comes out of the horizon . <unk> .
A door . Take a chart inside the door , it 's the psychiatrist from the door .
Take a mouth inside the door , ask questions .
Did you play , played with somebody at home ?
This person is coming out of a door , he 's going to go , <unk> .
On the left , we have a woman .
Two women together , they 're arguing .
Three women together , be careful is adultery .
So we 've gone through almost 30 characters .
By using this method , the first eight radical will allow you to build 32 .
The next group of eight characters will build another 32 .
So with every small small effort , they will be able to learn a couple hundred characters , which is the same as a Chinese eight years .
So after knowing the characters , we started creating sentences .
For example , the mountain and fire together , we have a mountain of fire . It 's a volcano .
We know Japan is the Earth 's land .
This is a sun on the origin , because Japan is east of China .
So , one sun next to the origin , we created Japan .
One person behind Japan , what do we have ?
A Japanese person .
The character on the left are two mountains stacked over the other .
In the old China , that meant in exile , because the Chinese <unk> <unk> their political enemies beyond the mountains .
Today , exile has become going on .
A mouth that tells you where it 's going to go out .
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and go down the stage . Thank you .
What I 'd like to be dad is the movies I get to see .
I love to share my favorite movies with my kids , when my daughter was four , we saw the magician of Oz together .
The film mastered his imagination for months .
His favorite character was <unk> , of course .
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and to bring a magic wand .
But when you see that film so many times , you get to understand that it 's extraordinary .
We now live and we raise our children in a kind of complex child shows .
However , the magician of Oz was an event in itself .
It did n't start that trend .
The trend really took rise to 40 years later with , interestingly , another film whose protagonists , a metal guy , and a <unk> guy with a girl dressed up as a enemy guard .
Do you know what I 'm talking about ? Yes .
There 's a big difference between these two films , there 's a couple of great differences between the magician of Oz and all the movies that we see today .
One is that there are very little violence in the magician of Oz .
The monkeys are pretty aggressive , like the apple .
But I think if the magician of Oz will do today , the magician would say , `` Dorothy , you 're salvation , the salvation of Oz as the prophecy is predicted .
You use magic shoes to defeat armies from the <unk> of the evil <unk> .
But that 's not what happens .
Another unique thing of the Oz of Oz is that the most heroic characters , wise characters are women .
I started to notice this when I got to see Star Wars to my daughter , a few years later , and the situation was different .
At that time , I had a son , too .
Just three years old .
It was not invited to the projection because it was still very small for that .
But it was the second son , and the supervision of oversight had come down , so slid the way in the room , and I was impressed as a leg with her <unk> behind , and I do n't think he understood what was going on , but <unk> everything .
I wonder what it perceived .
Would you be about value , perseverance and loyalty ?
Should the sense that Luke is an army to overthrow the government ?
Let 's contrast this with The 1939 <unk> of 1939 .
How is Dorothy his film ?
We 're doing good <unk> with everybody and being a <unk> .
It 's the kind of world that I want my children to grow , right ? And not a world of men fighting , which is where we are .
Why is there so much force capital , F , force in the movies for our children , and so little of the path to bricks ?
There 's a lot of literature on the impact of male violence on male violence , and they should read it . It 's very good .
I have n't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus .
I know for experience that <unk> princess does n't provide the right framework that would have served to navigate the world of adults who are mixed up . I think at the time of the first kiss , I really expected the credit to come up because it 's the end of the movie , right ?
My search is done , I have a girlfriend .
Why are they still there ?
I do n't know what I should do .
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and get their reward , and they do n't leave time for other relationships or other adventures .
It 's almost like a child , you have to be a dumb animal , and if you 're a girl , you have to use a warrior .
There are many exceptions , and defend the Disney princess in front of you .
But they send a message to children , even though they , kids , are not really your target public .
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to fight the patriarchy , but they do n't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy .
There 's no model for them .
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children , so real and charming as <unk> and <unk> , but they do n't stop being movies of war .
Of course , the most successful issue of all time continues on classical after classical , each of them about the adventures of a child or a man , or two men who are friends , or a man and his son , or two men who are raising a little girl .
Until , as many of you are thinking , this year , finally came out .
I recommend all of you . It 's available in stores .
Remember what the criticism came out ?
I ca n't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess .
It 's very good . Do n't let that stop !
Well , almost no one of these films , the proof of <unk> .
I do n't know if you 've heard about this .
It 's still not exactly the roots , and it 's spreads , but maybe we 're going to start a movement .
<unk> <unk> is a comic book artist , and in the mid-'80s , I recorded a conversation that had had a friend about the evaluation of the movies that you saw .
And it 's very simple . There 's only three questions that have to be done : In the movie , there 's more than one character character that has lines ?
So , you have to fulfill the requirement .
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie ?
Their conversations are about something else than they like ? Okay ? Thank you . Thank you very much .
Two women who exist and talk about things each other .
It happens . I 've seen it , and yet very rarely I see in the film we know and love .
In fact , this week I went to see a very good quality film , <unk> .
Right ? <unk> of Oscar , a consensus idea of what is a Hollywood movie .
Pretty much , it does n't happen to be <unk> .
And I do n't think it should , because a lot of the film , I do n't know if you 've seen it , a lot of the film happens in a embassy where men and women hide during the hostages crisis .
Do we have lots of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations about this hiding , and is the great time for one of the actresses to take a look at the door and say , `` Do you go to bed , honey ? ''
This is Hollywood .
So let 's look at the numbers .
In 2011 , from the 100 more popular movies , how many of them believe they have female protagonists ?
Eleven . It 's not bad .
It 's not the same percentage that the number of women we 've chosen recently for Congress , then okay .
But there 's a bigger number that this is going to be disappointed this room .
Last year , The New York Times ran a study that government had done .
This is what he said .
In the United States , one in five women says it 's been sexually assaulted once in their life .
I do n't think it 's the fault of mass entertainment .
I do n't think the movies for children have something to do with that .
I do n't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked , but something 's wrong , and when I hear that statistic , one of the things I think is there 's a lot of sexual <unk> .
Who are those guys ? What are those guys learning ?
What do they do n't get to learn ?
They 're <unk> the story that says the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward , which is a woman who has no friends and does n't talk ?
Do we have that story ?
You know , as a parent with the privilege of raising a daughter , like those of you who are doing the same thing , we found this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to <unk> them .
We have tools for our disposal as <unk> <unk> , and we hope that it will help , but I have to ask , `` Are you going to be going to protect them if , at the same time , active or passively , are we educating our children so that they keep their male power ? ''
I mean , I think the Netflix list is a way to do something really important , and here I mean mainly parents .
I think we have to show our kids a new definition of <unk> .
The definition of masculinity is radically changing .
You 've heard about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the <unk> .
Everything is changing .
When I asked my daughter , what was her favorite character of `` Star Wars , '' you know what he responded ?
<unk> .
<unk> <unk> and <unk> .
What do you have in common these two ?
Maybe it 's not just the brilliant dress .
I think they 're experts .
I think these are the two people in those movies that you know more than anyone , and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential .
They 're leaders .
I like that kind of stories for my daughter , and I like that kind of stories for my son .
I want more stories like that .
I want less stories where I tell my son : Go and fight only and more stories where it looked like that their work is to join a team , maybe a team led by women , helping other people to improve and become better people , like the magician of Oz .
Thank you .
As a child , he lived in Maine , and one of the things I liked was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck .
But you know , it 's hard to find these shells .
They 're covered in sand and it 's hard to see them .
However , over time , I got used to look for them .
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me get to <unk> .
This became a passion for finding things , in a love for the past and archaeology .
And finally when I started studying <unk> , I realized to see with my own eyes was not enough .
Because , suddenly , in Egypt , my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 1,300 miles from the Nile .
And my sea cookies had grown up to the size of cities .
This is really what led me to use satellite imagery .
To try to make a map of the past , I knew I had to do otherwise .
I want to show you an example of how different you see when you use the infrared .
This is a place in the eastern Delta Delta called <unk> .
And the place , in sight , seems to be brown , but when we use infrared and process it using fake color , suddenly the place looks like pink .
What you 're seeing are the real chemical changes of the landscape caused by the building materials and the activities of the ancient Egyptian .
I want to share with you how we 've used the satellite data to find an old <unk> city , called <unk> , lost for thousands of years .
<unk> was the capital of ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire is about 4,000 years ago .
The place sits in <unk> , Egypt , and it 's really important because in the Middle Empire , there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art , architecture and religion .
The <unk> have always known that they were located near the pyramids of the two kings that they built them , put them into the red circles here , but somewhere inside of this enormous progression of data .
This area is enormous , it 's about six kilometers away .
Before , the Nile <unk> right next to <unk> , and as it changed over time , he moved to the east and covered the entire city .
So how do you find a city below a landscape ?
Trying to find random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack , blindfolded and using baseball gloves .
So , we use NASA 's data data to make a map of the place , with very subtle changes .
We were able to see where the Nile was breaking .
But you can see more closely , and it 's even more interesting , this area slightly elevated that you see inside the circle here , that we think it could be the location of <unk> .
So we collaborated with the Egyptian scientists doing sampling works -- you can see here .
When I say sampling about it , it 's kind of on ice shots , but instead of layers of climate change , we look for layers of human occupation .
Five meters down , under a thick sheet of slime , we find a dense layer of pottery and pottery .
This means that in this possible location of <unk> , five meters down , we have a layer of occupation from several hundred years that date from the Middle Empire , exactly the same time we think it 's <unk> .
We also found <unk> work , <unk> , quartz and cat , which proves that there was a jewelry shop .
This might seem like it 's not too much , but when we think about the most common stones in the Middle Empire , these are the stones that were used .
So , we have a dense layer of occupation in the Middle Empire in this place .
We also have evidence of an elite jewelry shop that shows that what 's been there , was a very important city .
We still do n't find <unk> here , but we will go back to the place in a near future to localize it .
And even more importantly , we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so they can also make great discoveries .
I want to end with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire was probably written in <unk> 4,000 years ago .
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all <unk> .
There 's nothing like that on Earth .
So as it looks like , TED was not founded in 1984 <unk> C .
Do the ideas occur in actually started in 1984 B.C in a lost city not for a long time and found from high .
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective .
Thank you very much .
Thank you .
I want to invite you to close your eyes .
Imagine standing outside the door of the door .
I 'd like you to pay attention to the color of the door , to the material that it 's made .
Now let 's put a group of obese obese <unk> .
They are competing in a race bike race and they go in direction to their gate door .
I need you to see this really .
They 're loud loud , they 're sweating , they 're jumping a lot .
And they collide against the door of their house .
There 's bicycles flying around , wheels that pass on side , rays of the wheels that end up in <unk> places .
In the lobby , the hall , or what 's on the other side of the door , and look at the quality of the light , the light shining on the <unk> of the <unk> .
He 's waving with his hand .
From his chair , on a brown horse .
It 's a horse that talks about .
You can feel your blue fur wearing tickle his nose .
You can smell the oats of oats and you go through the mouth .
They walked on the side and trained their living room .
You know , in the room , and making use of his imagination , imagine Britney Spears .
He 's with little clothes , dancing on his center board , singing `` <unk> , One More Time One . ''
Now follow me to the kitchen .
The soil has been coated with a yellow bricks and from the oven comes to you Dorothy , the Man of <unk> , the <unk> and the Len of `` The Wizard of Oz '' , <unk> out of the hands , jumping up to you .
Okay . You open your eyes .
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes place every spring in New York .
It 's called the <unk> <unk> of the United States .
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist , waiting , I guess , that this was like the end of a <unk> of wise .
There were several men and a few different ages of sanitation .
They were <unk> hundreds of random numbers , looking at them just once .
They took the names of dozens and dozens of strangers .
Take full poems into just minutes .
<unk> to see who could memorize the order of a cards of cards .
And I thought , `` This is incredible . ''
These people must be phenomena of nature .
And I started talking with some of the competitors .
This one is a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and he has one of the best trained memories .
I said , `` Ed , when did you realize that you were a wise ? ''
Ed said , `` I 'm not a wise guy .
Actually , I have an average memory .
Everyone who participate from this competition say they have normal memory .
`` We 've been trained to perform these miracle acts of memory using ancient techniques , using ancient techniques in Greece , the same techniques that I used Cicero to memorize their speeches , and that the medieval academics were used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was , `` Wow . How did you not hear about this before ? ''
We 're standing outside the classroom of the competition , Ed , who 's a wonderful , brilliant English , even though a little <unk> , he said , `` Josh , you 're an American journalist .
Have you meet Britney Spears ? ''
And I said , `` What ? No , why ?
`` Because I 'd like to teach Britney Spears , how you memorize the order in a row of cards in live cards , on national television .
That 's going to try the world that anybody can do . ''
And I said , `` Well , I 'm not Britney Spears , but maybe you can teach me to me .
So , you have to start by something ? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me .
And I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory , but also <unk> , trying to understand how it works , why sometimes it does n't work and what their potential can be .
I met a lot of really interesting people .
This is a man called <unk> .
He 's <unk> , very probably with the worst memory in the world .
His memory was so bad that I did n't even remember that he had a memory problem ; it 's amazing .
Someone incredibly tragic , but it was a window that allows us to see what extent our memory makes us who we are .
At the other end of the spectrum I met this man .
This is Kim <unk> . He 's based on the role of Dustin Hoffman in the movie `` Rain Man . ''
We spend one afternoon together in the public library in Salt Lake City , <unk> telephone books ; it was organically .
And when I came back , I read a number of treaties on the writing memory that 's over 2,000 years ago , in Latin , and then in the Middle Ages .
And I learned a lot of really interesting things .
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time in which this idea of having trained , disciplined and cultured memory was not a thing as rare as you can look like today .
A long time ago , people invest in their memory , to provide their minds .
These techniques have done our modern world , but they have changed us .
They have culturally changed us , and I would argue that they have changed as well .
As we almost have no need to remember , sometimes it seems we 've forgotten how to do that .
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained , disciplined memory is this unique competition of memory .
It 's actually not that singular ; there 's skills like this around the world .
I was fascinated , I wanted to know how these people do .
A few years ago , a team of researchers from University College London invited a group of memory champions , to the lab .
So they wanted to know : Is it that has brains in any way , structural , different backgrounds from the rest of us ?
The answer was , no .
Are they smarter than the rest ?
They gave them a cognitive test battery , and the answer was actually not .
There was yet a really interesting and meaningful difference between the brains of the memory champions and the subjects of control that we compared to .
When they put them in an fMRI machine , they <unk> their brains as they were <unk> numbers , faces and forms of snowflakes , they found that in the memory champions , they 're going to spread parts of the brain , different to others .
They actually used , or they looked like to use , a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation .
Why ? Is there something that we can learn from this ?
The tournament of competitive memorization is running as an armed race where every year comes with a new way to remember more things , more quickly , and then the rest of competitors have got to get a day .
This is my friend Ben <unk> , three times a memory champion .
At his desk , in front of him , there 's 36 <unk> of <unk> cards that he 's about to try to memorize in an hour , using a technique that he invented and he just mastered it .
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of <unk> digits .
Yeah .
And while there 's a lot of ways of remembering things in these skills , absolutely all the techniques that are used at the end are reduced to a single concept that psychologists call <unk> coding .
It is illustrates with a elegant paradox of `` <unk> . ''
That 's his name .
And then I 'm asking you , `` Remember that there 's a <unk> .
And when I go back later , and I ask them , `` Do you remember that word I told you a while ? ''
`` Remember what was it ? ''
The person who told him that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told that their work is `` <unk> . ''
The same word , different memory capacity , that 's weird .
What happens here ?
Well , the name Baker , actually does n't mean anything for you .
With all the other memories that dance for his head .
But the word , `` <unk> , '' we know the bakers .
They use these white hats .
They have flour in their hands .
They 're okay when they come back home to work .
You probably know some baker .
And when we put that word for the first time , we started putting <unk> <unk> for <unk> at some time later .
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data dates back 2,500 years ago in Ancient Greece .
It 's known as the courthouse .
The story says this : There was a poet called <unk> who went to a dinner with .
They had hired it like entertainment , because before , if he wanted to give a very good party , he did n't take a DJ , you would hire a poet .
He stood up , <unk> his memory poem , and left , and so soon it was , the classroom that was collapsed .
killing everybody .
But not only killed everyone , but it shattered the bodies to unrecognizable .
No one could tell who was there , nobody could remember where they were sitting .
So they could n't be able to save them .
A tragedy behind the other .
<unk> , I stopped out , only survivor , in the middle of the rubble , closed the eyes , and realized that with his eyes of his mind , I could see where I 'd been invited .
He took the family of the hand , <unk> to where their loved ones were love with the rubble .
What <unk> warned you at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively , and that is that no matter if we 're not good at remembering names or instructions numbers or instructions for the word of our colleagues , we have visual memory and space memory .
If you were to tell you that the first 10 words of the story I 've just told you about <unk> , it 's very likely to be very difficult to do it .
But I would bet that if you tell them who I was sitting on the horse , the brown speaker in his lobby , would be able to <unk> .
The idea of the memory of the memory is to create this building with the eyes of his mind and <unk> images with the things that you want to remember . And the more crazy , crazy , crazy , <unk> , <unk> , <unk> image .
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago , the first <unk> treaties , Latin .
And how does it work ?
So let 's say you 've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to do it from memory , the same way that I would have been warning if you were invited to <unk> 2,000 years ago .
What you might do is imagine you 're at the door of your house .
And to come up with some kind of absolutely ridiculous , crazy , unforgettable image to help remember that the first thing that you want to mention is that competition was completely <unk> .
And then you can imagine entering your house , and see the <unk> of the <unk> build on Mister Ed .
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook .
And then you 'd see Britney Spears to remind that funny story that you want to count .
And then they fly in the kitchen , and the fourth issue that they would talk to would be that strange journey they did for a whole year , and they have some friends to help you remember it .
This is how Roman speakers <unk> their speeches , not word for word , which will confuse you , but typical by typical .
In fact , the typical term `` <unk> , '' which means `` place . ''
It 's a breath of when people thought about speaking in speaking and in the rhetoric with this kind of space terms .
The phrase `` first place '' would be like the first place in your memory palazzo .
I saw this was just fascinating , and I got into it .
I went to some of these memory skills , and I had the idea of writing something long about this subculture of competitive <unk> .
But there was a problem .
The problem was that a memory competition is an pathologically boring event .
Seriously , it 's like looking at a lot of people sitting sitting there sitting , and I mean , that the most exciting thing that happens is when somebody gets off the front .
I 'm a journalist , and I need to be able to write about something .
I know there are amazing things happening in the minds of these people , but I do n't have access .
I realized that if I was going to tell this story , I needed to try to put me in place .
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning , before I sit down to see the New York Times , just trying to remember something .
Maybe a poem , or the names of an old school yearbook , bought in a <unk> market .
And I discovered that this was <unk> .
I would never have expected it to be .
It was entertaining , because it was n't just about training the memory .
What 's actually about doing is to improve more and more capacity to create and imagine these ridiculous images , cartoons , <unk> , <unk> , absurd , and hopefully <unk> , in the eye of the mind .
I was hooked on this .
This is me , using my standard <unk> team for memory competition .
It 's a couple of <unk> and <unk> glasses with tape , leaving only two <unk> , because the distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competitor .
And I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before . I had the idea that I could join , in a kind of participatory journalism experiment .
I thought this could serve a good epilogue for all of my research .
The problem was that the experiment came out of control .
And I won the contest , something that did n't happen .
Of course it 's nice to memorize speeches , and phone numbers , and lots of shopping numbers , but actually this is not the point .
These are just tricks .
Because it 's based on very basic principles about how the brain works .
And you do n't need to be able to put your memory or <unk> your memory or memorize your cards -- to benefit from a little bit of insight into how your mind works .
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it was an innate gift , but it 's not the case .
The great memories are educated .
At the most basic level , we remember when we pay attention .
You focus on it when we focus deeply .
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques , are just shortcuts .
In fact , they 're not even shortcuts .
They work because they make sure .
<unk> a kind of deep processing , a kind of a full attention that most of us are not standing up there .
But the reality is there are no shortcuts .
That 's how things are made .
And if there 's something I want to leave you with today , it 's what <unk> , the <unk> that I could n't even remember that I had a memory problem , and I left myself , which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories .
How much are we willing to lose what 's already our <unk> existence on our Blackberries or iPhone , not paying attention to the human being in front of us , who walks on our side , and we 're going to be so <unk> that we do n't even help ourselves in deep process ?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us .
But if you want to live a memorable life , you have to be the kind of person that remembers remembering .
Thank you .
Today I 'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture .
It 's a lot to cover in 18 minutes .
It 's a complex subject , so we 'll just give it a complex place : New Jersey .
Because 30 years ago , I am from supermarkets , I was six and I was living there at home in my parents in a village called <unk> , and this was my child 's bedroom .
In the corner , from my bedroom , I was the bathroom I shared with my sister .
And in my bedroom and the bathroom , there was a balcony that gave the living room .
And there everybody looked at a little bit of TV watching TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom , everybody looked at me , and every time I came up and came back in a towel , I all looked at me .
And I was like that .
It was awkward , insecure and hated it .
He hated that journey , hated that balcony , hated that room and that house .
That 's the architecture .
Okay .
Those feelings , those emotions that I felt , that is the power of architecture , because architecture is not about mathematics , or division of areas , but those visceral connections , emotional connections , that we feel in the places that occupy .
And it 's not surprising that we feel like that , because according to the EPA , Americans spend 90 percent of their time under the roof .
It 's 90 percent of the time , we 're surrounded by architecture .
That 's a lot .
The architecture determines us in ways that we do n't even realize .
That makes us a little naive and very , very predictable .
This means that when I show you a building like this , I know what it raises them : they think in power , `` stability '' and `` democracy . ''
And I know they think that this is because they 're based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks .
This is a trick .
It 's a <unk> using architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings .
It 's a predictable emotional connection ; we 've used this trick for a long , long time .
We use it 200 years ago to build banks .
We used it in the 19th century to build art museums .
And in the 20th century , we used it to build houses .
Look , these stable , solid , in front of the sea , away from the elements .
This is very , very useful because building stuff is terrifying .
It 's costly , it takes a long time , and it 's very complicated .
The people who build , the <unk> and governments , are always afraid of innovation , and they prefer to use ways that they know that they 're going to work .
So we got buildings like this .
It 's a nice building .
It 's the <unk> Public Library , which was finished in 2004 , in my hometown , and , you know , it 's got a dome ; it has this round thing , columns , red brick , that they <unk> what <unk> tries to communicate with this building : children , property values , history .
But it does n't have a lot to do with a library today .
And that same year , in 2004 , the other side of the country , was over another library , which looks like this .
It 's in Seattle .
This library shows how we use media in the digital era .
It 's a new kind of public equipment for the city , a place to meet and read and share .
So how is it possible that in the same year , in the same country , two buildings , both so-called libraries , are so completely different ?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum .
On one side is innovation ; architects constantly drive new technologies , new <unk> , new solutions for the forms of life today .
We went through them , and we gave ourselves a little bit like we got away from the people .
All of the black , this is depressed . You think we feel very well , but we 're dead inside because we do n't have any other option .
We 've got to go to the other side and we have to connect with those symbols .
So we do it , and we 're all happy , but we 're all happy , but we start to experiment again ; we take the pendulum back to the back , again and again , and so we 've done it over the last 300 years , and of course it 's in the last 30 years .
Well , 30 years ago , we came out of the 1970s .
The architects were busy experimenting with called `` <unk> . ''
It has to do with the concrete .
That 's what you can guess .
<unk> <unk> , on dehumanizing scale .
Something really hard .
So we 're approaching the '80s , and we started bringing those symbols together .
<unk> the pendulum again in the other direction .
We took those forms that we know , like , and <unk> them .
We added neon we added balls and we 're using a new piece of materials .
They love it .
We do n't give <unk> .
We took cabinets <unk> and we turned them into skyscrapers , which can be castles , medieval players .
The shapes were <unk> , they won on audacity and colorful .
<unk> became columns .
Reality grew up to the size of buildings .
It 's crazy .
But it was the '80s , that was great .
We all spend time in commercial malls , and we moved into the neighborhoods , and there , in suburbia , we can create our own architectural fantasies .
Those fantasies could be fed to the Mediterranean , the French , or the Italian .
So maybe with an infinite number of bread sticks .
This is what happens to the <unk> .
This is what happens to the symbols .
They 're easy , they 're cheap , because instead of creating new spaces , we recreated memories of other places .
I know very well , and all of you know , this is not the Tuscany .
This is Ohio .
The architects feel frustrated , and we start to swing the pendulum again in the other direction .
In the '80s and early '90s , we started experimenting with the <unk> called <unk> .
We 're looking at the historical symbols , and now we have new <unk> design techniques , and we found ourselves with new compositions -- some ways that are staying against other forms .
This is an academic and <unk> , and it 's <unk> ; it 's totally excluded .
Normally , the pendulum 's <unk> in the opposite direction .
But then something surprising happened .
In 1997 , this building opened .
It 's the Guggenheim of Bilbao , Frank Gehry .
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture .
Paul <unk> said that Bilbao was one of these rare times when critical , academics and public and public and general , were completely aware of a building .
The New York Times <unk> <unk> this miraculous building .
<unk> in Bilbao increased by 2,500 percent when they finished the building .
So all of a sudden , everybody wanted one of those buildings : Los Angeles , Seattle , Chicago , New York , Cleveland , <unk> .
Everybody wanted one , and Gehry was everywhere .
He was our first star architect .
But how is it that these forms of wild , wild and radical , how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world ?
And it happened , because the media will spread around them and quickly learned that those forms meant culture and tourism .
We 've created an emotional reaction with these forms .
The same thing did the major mayors in the world .
So everybody believed that if they had these forms , they had culture and tourism .
This phenomenon in the beginning of the new millennium , with other star architects .
It 's happened to something and Libeskind , and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium threshold , actually started to happen with all the architecture -- digital media started increasing the speed of information consumption .
Think of , for example , how we use architecture .
A thousand years ago , they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building .
<unk> speeds : You can take a ship , an airplane , can be tourists tourists .
Technology accelerates . You can see in the newspapers , on TV , and at the end , we 're all photographers in architecture , and the building is transported beyond their physical location .
The architecture is everywhere now ; that means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture .
Because architecture moves so fast .
You do n't really just think about a long time to think about a building .
It takes a lot of time to build a building , three or four years , and at that time , an architect can design two , eight , or 100 buildings more , before I know if I designed four years ago , was a success or not .
Because there 's never been good feedback in architecture .
That 's how we found buildings like this .
<unk> was not a two-year movement , but 20 years old .
For 20 years , we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much <unk> .
That 's never going to happen . I think , because we are at the top of the biggest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete , steel or lift , and it 's the media revolution .
My theory is that when you apply the pendulum to the media , it starts instantly stretch faster , until you 're going to be in both extreme extreme ends , and it will effectively become the difference between innovation and symbol , between us , architects , and you , the public .
Now we can make symbols , almost instant charge , of something completely new .
I 'll show you how the system works on a project that my company ended recently .
We were <unk> to replace this building that caught fire .
This is the center of a village called <unk> Island , in the state of New York .
It 's a vacation community .
But that meant that two years before the building was completed , it was already part of the community , and as the drawings looked exactly at the end , there was no surprises .
The building came to being part of the community . That first summer , when people started coming and share it in social media , the building stopped being just a building , became a media , because these are not just images of a building , it 's the images that you did of the building .
And as you use them to tell their story , they become part of the personal narrative , and that makes it <unk> with collective memory , and by carrying these symbols , we learn .
I mean , we do n't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture .
We can tell each other what we think about architecture , because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us , but they have changed the relationship between us and the buildings .
Think for a second in these librarians of <unk> .
If that building is built today , we first were to the Internet in search of new libraries .
We 'd be bombarded with examples of experimentation , innovation , about what a library can be .
That 's ammunition .
<unk> that you can take the mayor of <unk> , people in <unk> , and tell you that there 's no single answer to what a library can be .
Let 's be part of this .
This abundance of solutions day freedom to experience .
Everything is different now .
The architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that they 're using words to <unk> and complicated pictures , and one is not a hapless audience who does n't accept something that I have not seen before .
Architects can listen to , and you do n't really refer to architecture .
That means that the pendulum <unk> from one style to another , is irrelevant .
In fact , we can go ahead and find the right solutions to the problems facing society .
This is the end of the history of architecture , and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different from the buildings today .
This means that a public space in the ancient city of <unk> can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city .
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that , a stadium in Brooklyn , and not a bad <unk> of red brick based on ideas of what should be a stadium .
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings , because we finally will be ready for the shapes that are going to produce .
That means that the buildings will be shaped by the whims of nature and not the other way .
This means that a parking garage in Miami in Miami , Florida , can also serve for sports or yoga , or even one can marry there at night .
This means that three architects can dream that <unk> in the East River in New York , and raising half a million dollars of the community together around that cause , it 's no longer a customer alone .
It means that no building is too small for innovation , like this little pavilion of <unk> , so fierce and <unk> like the animals that are going to look at .
Because no matter whether it 's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings .
It does n't matter how we build , what matters is what we build .
Architects know how to make more ecological , smarter , <unk> buildings .
We 've been waiting for all of you to want them to .
And finally , we 're not on the opposite side .
Find an architect , <unk> and working together to make better buildings , better cities , to a better world , because there 's a lot in play .
Buildings do not only reflect our society , but they give up to the smaller spaces : local libraries , the homes where we formed our children , and the bedroom step in the bathroom .
Thank you very much .
This is my niece , <unk> .
It just turned out a year and she started walking .
And it makes it that great , typical of the children of a year , <unk> , as if your body was moving too fast for your legs .
It 's totally precious .
And one of the things that we really like to do is to look at it in the mirror .
She really loves his reflection .
He laughs and <unk> , and he gives itself those big and wet kisses .
It 's beautiful .
And apparently , all of his friends do this and my mom tells me I used to do it , and it made me think , `` When do you stop doing this ?
How do we suddenly be happy with our appearance ?
Because apparently , we do n't like it .
Every month , 10,000 people search for Google , `` Am I going to be ugly ? ''
This is <unk> , and it 's 13 years old and lives in Denver .
And as any teenager , it just wants to be loved and fit in .
It 's Sunday at night .
It 's preparing for next week in school .
He 's a little scary , it 's kind of confused because , even though his mom tells him all the time it 's beautiful , every day at school , someone tells him that it 's ugly .
Among what his mom tells him and what his friends , or school , or school , they tell who they believe .
So he does a video of herself , he publishes it on YouTube , and begs others , please leave a comment : `` Am I beautiful or am I being ugly ? ''
Well , so far , <unk> has received over 13,000 comments .
Some of these are so unpleasant , it 's not even worth thinking about them .
We talk about a healthy , normal teenager , which gets these answers to one of the most emotionally vulnerable life .
Thousands of people are posting videos like this , mostly girls , trying to communicate this way .
But what is it going on to do this ?
Well , today 's teenagers are almost never alone .
They 're under the pressure of being online and available all the time , talking , <unk> , giving `` I like '' by saying , `` Oh , '' by sharing , sharing , publishing , this never ends .
We 've never been so connected , very , very instant , so young .
As a mother said to me , `` It 's like there 's a party in his bedroom every night . ''
There 's just no privacy .
And the social pressures that you go from your hand with that is ruthless .
This environment , that 's always connected to our kids at <unk> based on the number of `` I like '' and the kinds of comments that they get .
There is no division between a life online and real life .
It 's really hard to know the differences between what real is or what it is .
And also , it 's very hard to know the difference between what 's authentic and what is manipulated digitally .
What is the highlight of someone 's life in front of what is normal in a daily context ?
And where are you looking for inspiration ?
Well , you can see the kind of images that are cover of the girls ' news covers .
<unk> size continue to dominate our <unk> .
The <unk> technique is now a routine .
And trends like : # <unk> , # <unk> , # <unk> .
For those of you , <unk> means <unk> .
These trends are associated with women in popular culture today .
It 's not hard to see what young people are compared .
But they 're not immune to this .
Like the <unk> stars in sports , and <unk> singers .
But what 's the problem with all this ?
Well , surely we want our kids to grow healthy and be <unk> individuals .
But in an obsessed culture , we 're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance , at the price of all other aspects of their identity .
Things like their relationships , the development of their physical capacities , their studies and others start to suffer .
Six of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they 're not nice enough .
These are not trivial activities .
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings and as human beings and the field of labor development .
31 percent , almost one out of three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They 're going to be participating in the classroom arguments because they do n't want to call attention for their physical appearance .
One in five are not attending classes at all over the days when they 're not comfortable with it .
And in the tests of tests , if you do n't think you 're good enough , specifically if you do n't think you 're thin enough , you 'll get you a lower note to the average of your fellow who 's not worried about it about the appearance .
And this phenomenon has been pervasive in Finland , America and China .
And it gets independently of what these young people are going to weigh .
So , to make it clear , we 're talking about you , not how you 're really .
The low self-esteem on its body is <unk> academic performance .
And it 's also <unk> health .
adolescents with little self-esteem do less physical activity , they eat less fruits and vegetables , they engage in more unhealthy diet , they can take them to a food disorder .
They have low self-esteem .
They 're more easily <unk> by the people around them and they 're at greatest risk of depression .
And we thought that it 's all about this because of what make more far-fetched decisions , like alcohol and drugs , mass diets , static surgery , aesthetic relationships , early ages and without protection and damage .
The perfect body search is pushing into the health system , and our government costs billions of dollars every year .
And we 're not controlling it .
Women who believe they 're overweight again , regardless of whether they have or they do n't have higher rates of telephones .
Ten percent of women do n't present to a job interview in a day where they do n't feel secure with the way you see .
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy .
If we could overcome this , what would that be like ?
It 's an interest of interest for each of us .
But how do we do that ?
Well , speaking , it does n't take you very far away .
Not enough .
If you really want to change things , you have to do something .
And we 've learned that there are three key ways . The first one is that we need to instill trust in their own body .
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem .
The good news is that there are many programs available to do that .
The bad news is that most of these do n't work .
I was shocked when I learned that a lot of well-meaning programs , not realizing , make the situation worse .
So , we need to make sure that the program that follows our children will not only have a positive impact , but also a lasting impact .
And research studies show that the best programs focus on six key areas -- the first is influence of family , friends and relationships .
These six things are very important points for anyone willing to provide an education on body self-esteem .
One education is fundamental , but tackling this problem requires each of us to take the reins on the issue and be a better model to follow women and girls in our own lives .
I defy today 's status of like women are seen and mentioned in our circles .
It 's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians on slices of hair or the size of their breasts , or the success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it 's not a great beauty .
We need to start judging people by what they are , not because they look .
We can all start by making the responsibility for the kind of images and the comments that we published in our social networks .
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not on their appearance .
And let me ask you , `` When was it the last time you had a mirror ?
In short , we have to work together as communities , as governments and as businesses , to truly change our culture , so that our children will grow to be valuing their own , valuing their person , valuing diversity , inclusion .
We have to put people who are really making the difference on a pedestal .
To make a difference in the real world , let 's make them that they 're going out on the big screen because we only create a different world .
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves , where the way they think they 're never going to be seen from being those who are , or to achieve what they want in their lives .
Think about what this can mean for somebody in their lives .
Who do you have in mind ?
Your wife ?
Your sister ?
Her daughter ?
Is a niece , for your niece , his friend ?
It could be just the woman who 's about two seats away . What would it mean for her if it was liberated from that <unk> voice , that haunts her because I did n't have long legs , any more thin God , a stronger belly , feet smaller ?
What would it mean for her if we embraced this , and would we unlock their potential to that way ?
Right now , the obsession of our culture with the images is holding back to everyone .
But let 's get our kids to the truth .
I think the way you see you are just a part of your identity , and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do , and because they make us feel .
It 's <unk> to self-esteem in rsums .
Let 's change each one of us , the way we talk about and compared to other people .
And we work together as a community , from small groups to governments , so that the small <unk> of a year of age , will become a secure person for themselves .
Let 's do it .
On the fifth of November 1990 , a gentleman named <unk> <unk> entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the <unk> Rabbi <unk> , the <unk> Defense leader .
And initially , initially they were convicted , but being in prison for other minor charges , in the company in others , started to plan attacks at about 12 icons of New York City , including tunnels , synagogues , and the United Nations headquarters .
Luckily , those plans were driven by an FBI informant .
Sadly , the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center , could not prevent them .
He later <unk> would be convicted of their participation in that bombing .
<unk> <unk> is my father .
I was born in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , in 1983 , being an Egyptian engineer , with an American mother , a primary school teacher , in the middle of the two made everything possible for giving me a happy childhood .
Only when I was seven , our family started to change .
My father taught me a way of Islam , that very few , even most Muslims , they get to know .
For experience , I saw that when people take time to interact , it does n't require a lot to get to the same things in life .
However , in all of religion , in every human group , there 's always a tiny fraction of people who are so disgusted by their convictions that think that they have to use all the possible media so that they all lived like them .
A few months before he arrest him , he sat down with me and explained to me that in the last weekend , he and some friends had been going to run out of Long Island to practice .
He told me that I would go with him the next day .
We got to the <unk> shot , which , without knowing our group , was under the FBI .
When I got off , my father helped me hold the rifle on the shoulder and explained to me how to aim at about 30 meters .
That day , with the last bullet that I shot , I gave the little orange light on the target , and for the surprise of all , especially my goal , all the goal burst .
My uncle turned to the others and Arabic , he said , `` <unk> <unk> . ''
From such a parent .
All of us , the comment made them a lot of laughter , but only a few years later I understood what they found so funny .
They saw in me , the same level of destruction that my father could cause .
These people later would be condemned to place a <unk> van with 700 pounds of explosives in the north tower of the World Trade Center , causing an explosion that killed six people and hurt another 1,000 .
I admired those men .
He called them `` <unk> , '' which means uncle .
When I turned 19 , I had already moved 20 times -- that instability in my childhood did n't allow me to do a lot of friendships .
Every time I started to feel comfortable about someone already was time to pack up and leave to another city .
As I was always , the new kind of class was a <unk> victim .
<unk> my identity to avoid being the white , but to be the new class of class , silent and a chubby , was enough ammunition .
So most of the time I spent on house reading books , watching TV or playing video games .
For these reasons , I did n't develop social skills , to say it softly . For <unk> , it was n't prepared for the real world .
I raised opera , judging people , based on arbitrary indicators , like their race or religion .
So how could I open my eyes ?
One of the first experiences that put together my thinking was during 2000 2000 .
In a <unk> program I participated in the National <unk> Convention in Philadelphia .
My group was focused on the youth of juvenile violence , and as I had been a victim of <unk> , almost all my life , was something that I felt so much passion .
The members of this group came from various backgrounds .
One day , at the end of the convention , I discovered that one of the kids we had made , was Jewish .
I took several days out of the light this detail , and I realized that there was no <unk> between the two .
I had never had a Jewish friend , and I was very proud to have been able to beat the barrier that my whole life had been made to believe that it was <unk> .
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job on Bush Gardens , an amusement park .
I met people with all sorts of beliefs and cultures , and that experience was fundamental to the development of my character .
All of life had been taught that <unk> was a sin and by extension , all gay men were bad influences .
By chance , I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there in a show , and I could see that several of them were the most nice and less critics I had seen in life .
Having been a child , I developed a sense of empathy towards the suffering of others , but it was n't easy for me to treat a kind of kind , exactly the way I would have wish to be treated .
So , I could contrast the stereotypes that I had taught me as a child , with the experience of the interaction in real life .
I do n't know what it 's about being homosexual , but I know what 's being judged by something beyond my control .
Then he came the Daily Show .
Every night , Jon Stewart made me be intellectually honest about my <unk> , and I helped me see that the people 's race , religion or sexual orientation , have nothing to do with character .
In many ways he turned my shape apart in a moment where I was desperately <unk> .
Sometimes , inspiration can come from the unexpected , and that a Jewish comedian would have a better influence in my life that my own father , extremist , was not in vain .
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking , and she told me something to keep in my heart forever , while she 's alive .
She looked at me with his eyes tired of somebody who has suffered enough with endless hypotheses and said , `` I 'm tired of hate . ''
At that point , I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all that hatred inside .
My real name is not <unk> <unk> .
It changed when my family decided to break my father and start a new life .
So why decided to go out and put me in a possible risk ?
Well , it 's simple .
I 've done it because I hope somebody , someday , who 's one day to take the violence , can hear my story and understand that there 's a better path , that even though I 'm going to join this in violent and <unk> ideology , I did n't get to <unk> .
On the contrary , I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice .
I do that by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones , and the loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives .
For the victims of terrorism to speak , against those meaningless acts , like rejection to my father 's actions .
With this simplicity I 'm showing up here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race , that the children do n't have to follow the roads of their parents .
I 'm not my father .
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you really . Thank you very much .
There 's a film that 's projected in your mind .
It 's an incredible <unk> film .
It 's in 3D , and it has <unk> sound from what you hear and see right now . But that 's just the beginning .
Your movie has scent , <unk> and texture .
It feels your body , your pain , your hunger , your pleasure .
It has emotions , anger and happiness .
It has memories , as moments of your childhood that you project in front of your eyes .
And it 's constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking stream .
The heart of the film is you who experience everything in direct .
This film is your flow of consciousness , the subject of the experience of the mind and the world .
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human being .
Each of us is conscious .
We all have an internal movie , you , you and you .
There 's nothing that you know more directly .
At least , I know I have a conscience .
I have no certainty that you are aware of .
Consciousness is also the reason to live .
If you were not aware , nothing in our lives would make sense or value .
But at the same time it 's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe .
Why are we conscious ?
Why do we have these internal movies ?
Why are n't we just robots that we 're taking to produce results without experiencing the internal movie ?
Right now , nobody knows the answers to those questions .
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science , you need some radical ideas .
Some people say it 's impossible to be a science of consciousness .
Science , by nature , is objective .
Consciousness , by nature , is subjective .
So there can never be a science of consciousness .
Because for almost the entire 20th century , we 'll get that vision .
psychology was objectively studying behavior , neuroscience was objectively studied , but nobody mentioned consciousness .
Even 30 years ago , when TED began , there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness .
After 20 years , it all began to change .
<unk> like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said , `` now is the time for science to foster consciousness . ''
And since then , there was a real bang , a flourishing of the scientific work of consciousness .
And this work was fantastic . It was great .
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment .
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the quest for correlations , correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness .
We saw some of this kind of cool work that I presented Nancy <unk> a few minutes ago .
We now understand much better , for example , the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or feelings or feeling happy .
But this is still a science of correlations .
It 's not a science of explanations .
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences , but we do n't know why .
I 'd like to explain to you that this kind of work in neuroscience responds a few questions that we want to explain to consciousness -- questions about what certain brain areas do and what correlate .
But in a sense , those are the easy problems .
No offense to offend neuroscientists .
There 's actually no easy problem with consciousness .
Well , they do n't address the real real mystery of this stuff : Why is the whole physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness ?
Why is there a subjective inner movie ?
Right now , we can not understand .
And you can say , let 's give it a few years to neuroscience .
It 's going to turn into another emerging phenomenon like traffic jams , like hurricanes , like life , and we 're going to find explanation .
The typical <unk> are every case of emerging behaviors , how traffic traffic work , how hurricanes are going to breed , how they reproduce , they adapt and metabolizing the living organisms , and they 're all questions about how it works .
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emergent phenomenon : how we walk around , how we talk about how we 're playing chess ; they 're all questions about behavior .
But when it comes to consciousness , the questions about behavior are between easy problems .
But the hard problem , is the question of why is it that every behavior is accompanied with a subjective experience ?
And here it is , the standard paradigm of the emergence , the standard paradigm of neuroscience , actually still does n't have a lot to say .
I am a very heart scientist .
I want a scientific theory from the <unk> to work . For a long time , I was beating my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure terms physicists that would work .
But finally , I came to the conclusion that that did n't work for systematic reasons .
I think we 're going to stand at this point .
We have a chain of wonderful explanations , great . We get used to this ; the physics explains chemistry , the chemistry explains biology , biology explains part of psychology .
But consciousness does n't seem to fit into this scheme .
On the one hand , it 's a fact that we are conscious .
On the other hand , we do n't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific worldview .
I think consciousness , right now , is a kind of anomaly , something that we need to integrate into our worldview , but we do n't even know how .
With an anomaly like this , you can need radical ideas , I think we need ideas that at the beginning of crazy , before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way .
There 's some possibilities for those crazy ideas .
My friend Dan Dennett , who 's here today , has one .
Your crazy idea is that there is no such hard problem of consciousness .
The whole idea of the subjective movie movie includes sort of an illusion of illusion or confusion .
In fact , what you have to do , is to explain objective functions , brain behaviors , and that 's studied everything that needs explanation .
Well , more power for him .
That 's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist , based on the brain .
At the same time , for me and for many others , that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is satisfying .
But I go in a different direction .
In the time that remains , I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising .
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental .
Physical physicists take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks , space , time and mass .
It <unk> fundamental laws that govern them , like the laws of gravity or quantum mechanics .
These laws and properties do n't explain in terms of anything else .
Instead , it 's considered fundamental , and the world 's constructed .
Sometimes , the list of the fundamental <unk> .
In the 19th century , Maxwell 's found that you ca n't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts , space , time , mass laws , and then he postulated the basic laws of electromagnetism , and he postulated electric charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern .
I think that 's the situation we find with consciousness .
If you ca n't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas arising , space , time , mass , load , then by logic , you have the list .
More natural would be to restore consciousness as something fundamental , a fundamental brick of nature .
This does n't mean that suddenly it 's not the object of science .
It opens the path to scientifically handle it .
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness , the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts : space , time , mass processes , physical processes .
The physicists sometimes say that we want to do fundamental fundamental laws that we can put them together in a <unk> .
The situation of consciousness is something like this .
We want to find fundamental laws so that we can put them together on a t-shirt .
We still do n't know what the law is , but that 's what we 're looking for .
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal .
Each system can have a degree of consciousness .
This vision sometimes is called `` <unk> '' by all , `` <unk> '' by mind , every system is conscious , not only humans , dogs , mice , flies , even the microbes from Rob Knight , the elementary particles .
Even a photon has a degree of consciousness .
The idea is not that photons are smart or to think .
It 's not that a photon can be full of heartbreak when they think , `` Oh , always traveling at the speed of light .
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No , no .
But thinking is that maybe photons can have some element of raw , subjective feeling , some precursor to consciousness .
This may sound a little crazy for you .
How would someone think something so crazy ?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea that consciousness is critical .
If it 's fundamental , like space , time and dough , it 's natural to assume that it can also be universal , just like others .
It 's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us , though , it 's much less for people in different cultures , where the human mind seems more continuous with nature .
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the most simple and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that are going to be able to make fundamental laws that are going to make the thinking with the physical process , is to encourage awareness to information .
Whenever there 's information processing , there 's consciousness .
<unk> complex <unk> , like a human being , a complex conscience .
<unk> of simple information , simple consciousness .
Something very exciting is that in recent years , a neuroscientist , <unk> <unk> , took this kind of theory , and I developed it rigorously .
It has a mathematical measure of information integration , which is called <unk> , which measures the extent of information integrated into a system .
And they 're supposed to have to do with consciousness .
So in a human brain , there 's an incredible degree of information integration , a high degree of <unk> , a lot of consciousness .
In a mouse , there is a middle degree of information integration , as much significant , very significant awareness .
But when you get to the worms , microbes , particles , the degree of <unk> <unk> .
The level of information integration is lower , but it 's not zero .
In <unk> theory , there will still be a <unk> level of zero awareness .
In fact , by a fundamental law of consciousness , high degree of <unk> , high degree of consciousness .
Also , another reason is that <unk> can help us integrate awareness to the physical world .
The physicists and philosophers have often observed that physics is curiously abstract .
It spells the structure of reality using a lot of equations , but we do n't talk about the reality underlying it .
As Stephen Hawking explains , `` Where is the fire of the equations ? ''
From vision , the equations of physics can be left as they are , but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness .
That 's what physicists do basically , describe the flow of consciousness .
According to this vision , consciousness is what puts fire in the equations .
In that vision , consciousness is not being found out of the physical world as a kind of additive .
It 's right there in the center .
This vision , I think , <unk> vision , has the potential to overcome our relationship with nature , and can have pretty serious social and ethical consequences .
Some of them can be <unk> .
I used to think that I did n't have to eat anything that had consciousness , so I had to be a vegetarian .
If you 're a <unk> and you take this vision , you 'll get a lot of hunger .
I think thinking about it well , this tends to transform your visions , while what matters in ethical terms and moral care is not so much the fact that the fact and its importance and its complexity .
It 's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems , like computers .
What about the artificial intelligence system of Samantha in the movie `` <unk> ? ''
Is it conscious ?
According to the vision of the <unk> information , she has a complicated information processing , integrated information , so the answer is yes , if it 's conscious .
If this is right , they do pretty much serious ethical problems about the development of the developing computer systems and the <unk> ethic .
And finally , you can ask for full collective awareness , the planet .
Canada has its own consciousness ?
Or at a smaller level , an integrated group , an integrated group , like the audience at a TED Talk , right now we have a collective consciousness , an internal movie for this whole group of TED , different from the inner movies in each of the parts ?
I do n't know the answer to that question , but I think at least it is a question you should take seriously .
So this <unk> view , is a radical vision , and I do n't know if it 's correct .
I 'm actually safer from the first crazy idea that consciousness is critical , that the second one is universal .
The vision raises a lot of questions , many challenges , like , how are those <unk> thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness that we know and love .
If we can answer those questions , then I think we go through the right path towards serious awareness theory .
If not , well , this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy .
We ca n't wait to solve it overnight .
But I think we 're finally going to discover it .
Understanding consciousness is real key , I think , to understand the universe and to understand ourselves .
Maybe we just need the crazy idea .
Thank you .
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria .
I had a very normal profile , a <unk> profile .
I went to school , I was scared to me with my friends , I would get stuck with my younger sisters .
Everything was very normal .
And when I was 15 years old , a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to <unk> a community reward .
And my parents said , `` Well , that 's very nice , but there 's an obvious problem .
She has n't got anything done . '' And they were right .
I went to school , I had good notes . After the school , I had a <unk> profile on my mother 's hair , and I spent a lot of time looking at the <unk> series and `` <unk> 's Creek . ''
Yes , I know . What a contradiction .
But they were right .
I did n't do anything that was extraordinary at all .
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside of the equation .
Years later , being in the second part of the teaching at a high school school school , just after about 20 minutes in the class , <unk> , a guy up , and he said , `` Hey , when will you give your speech ? ''
And I said , `` What about speech ? ''
Well , I 'd been talking about the law of defamation for about good 20 minutes .
And he said , `` You know , your <unk> speech .
When people in chairs , they talk about <unk> things in school ? ''
`` Usually , in the classroom . ''
And that was when I realized , this kid had had experiences with disabilities in disabilities as inspiration .
And we 're not . And it 's not the guy 's fault , that 's true for many of us .
For us , people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our <unk> .
We 're not real people . We 're there to inspire .
And , in fact , I 'm on this stage , <unk> what I do in this wheelchair , and probably you 're waiting to inspire you . Right ? Yeah .
Well , ladies and gentlemen , I 'm afraid , I 'm afraid .
I 'm not here for <unk> .
I 'm here to tell you that they have lied to disability .
Yes , they have sold us the lie that disability is a bad thing , A capital , capital cap .
It 's something bad and living with a disability makes you exceptional .
It 's not bad , and it ca n't make you exceptional .
And in the last few years , we 've been able to spread even more this lie through social media .
You can have seen images like this : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one : `` Your excuse is <unk> . '' In effect .
Or this one : `` Before I abandon , let 's go away ! ''
These are just a couple of examples , but there 's a lot of them .
You may have seen one , of the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth .
You may have seen a child running with carbon fiber prosthetic legs .
And there 's a lot of these images , which are what we call porn inspiration .
And I use the porn term deliberately , because I went to a group of people for the benefit of another group of people .
So in this case , we would be able to do the disabled disabled people .
The purpose of these images is to inspire them , motivate them , so that we can see them and think , `` Well , really bad than my life , it could be worse .
I could be that person . ''
But if you 're that person ?
I 've lost the number of times I 've been approached by strangers to express that you think I 'm brave or an inspiration source , and this will happen before my job had a public profile .
It was like me to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is <unk> .
These images , those images are empowering to people with disabilities in the benefit of people without disabilities .
They 're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you , or to put their concerns in perspective .
And life as an disabled person is actually hard .
Let 's get some things out .
But the things that we 're missing is not the things that you can think of .
They 're not relative to our bodies .
I use the term `` disabled people , '' deliberately because I 'm going to join the social model of disability , which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live because of our bodies or diagnostics .
So I lived in this body for a long time .
I 'm very excited about it .
It makes things that I need to do , and I 've learned how to pull out the best of your capacity as well as you do , and that 's what 's going on with the kids of those photos as well .
They 're not doing anything outside the common .
They 're just using their bodies to take the best of their ability .
So is it really just <unk> in the way we do it , by sharing those images ?
When people say , `` You 're an inspiration source , '' it says it as a compliment .
And I know why it happens .
It 's because of lying , because they 've sold us this lie that disability makes us extraordinary .
And honestly , it does n't .
And I know what you 're thinking .
I 'm here by <unk> the inspiration , and you think , `` Oh , God , you 're not sometimes inspired by something ? ''
And actually , I know I am .
I learn other people with disability at all times .
However , I do n't know that I 'm more lucky than them .
I learn that this is a great idea to use some barbecue psychologists to pick up the things that are left to me , and I learn the ingenious trick of how to load up the battery of the mobile phone inside the chair .
Great .
We learn about the strength and resistance of others , not against our bodies and our diagnostics , but against a world that <unk> and <unk> us .
I really believe that that lie that have been sold to us about disability is the greatest injustice .
It makes us hard life .
And that quote : `` The only disability in life is a bad attitude , '' the reason that that 's lying is because it 's not true , because of the social social model .
A lot of smiles in front of a stairs has n't ever done to become a ramp .
Never . <unk> in front of a television screen wo n't make the subtitles for the deaf people .
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and one-fifth a positive attitude to turn all those books to braille .
It 's just not going to happen .
I really want to live in a world where disability is not the exception , but the norm .
I want to live in where a 15-year-old girl , sitting in his bedroom , watching `` <unk> the <unk> <unk> '' do n't think about anything for being in a chair .
I want to live in a world where we do n't have such low expectations of the disabled people that we 're going to be proud to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning .
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disabilities , and I want to live in a world where a late 11 degree kid in Melbourne 's high school is not a little surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair .
Disability does n't make us extraordinary , but question what you think about it does .
Thank you .
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football , with empathy ?
And what is the average speed of a <unk> swallow ?
Unfortunately , today I just answer one of those questions , so , please , you do n't know .
When people think of augmented reality , they think in `` Minority Report '' and Tom Cruise flying the hands in the air , but the augmented reality is not science fiction .
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for that , and people need to know , because augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones .
So how do we get to augmented reality ?
The first step , it 's what I 'm wearing : Google Glass .
I 'm sure many of you are familiar with them .
What you may not know is that Google Glass are a device that allows you to see what I see .
They will allow them to experience what is a professional athlete in the field .
Right now , the only way to be in the field is that I try to figure out .
I have to use words .
I have to create a framework that you fill with your imagination .
We can use Google Glass , under a helmet and knowing what 's running for the <unk> camp , the blood beating the ears .
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds , <unk> us , trying to help him with everything .
I 've been there and I assure you , it 's not nice .
I 'm going to show you some videos to show you what Google Glass under the helmet and give you an idea of that .
Unfortunately , they 're not images of NFL practices , because the idea of the NFL in the emerging technology is an submarine up to the surface , but we do what we can .
So let 's look at a video .
Chris <unk> : Go .
It 's horrible to be <unk> .
Just a moment . Let 's get a little bit .
Are you ready ?
Go !
Chris <unk> : As you can see , it 's a <unk> of what 's being <unk> in the football field , from the <unk> perspective .
You 've heard that lack of people , the rest of the team .
We have a video of them , <unk> from the University of Washington .
<unk> : Mice ! mice 54 !
Blue 8 , Blue 8 ! Go !
Chris <unk> : This is a little bit more about the feeling being in the field , but it has nothing to do with being in the NFL .
The fans want that experience .
The fans want to be in the field , to be their favorite players , and they have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter and on Twitter , `` You can see from the angle of a <unk> .
of a row ?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with <unk> and Google Glass , how do we get into full of them , how do we take it to the next level ?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Valley , which surely many you know .
The Oculus Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created , and it 's not cheap .
And I 'm going to show you why , with this video .
Man : Oh !
No , no , no ! I do n't want to keep playing ! No !
Oh , my God ! Ah !
CK : That 's the experience of a man on a rollercoaster fearing for his life .
What will be the experience of a fan when you put a video of Adrian <unk> across the line , <unk> the line with the arm before and make an notation ? What 's the experience of a fan .
When you can get ready to run through the court , releasing the ball at the bottom of the network , or do you want to make a grip on Wimbledon ?
What is their experience when it goes down a mountain at over 100 miles per hour as an Olympic skier ?
Maybe the sales of diapers for adults .
But this is not augmented reality .
It 's just virtual reality , <unk> .
How do we reach augmented reality , <unk> ?
You know , the augmented reality of reality when the coaches , the <unk> and the owners are looking at what people want to see and think , `` How do we use this to improve our teams ?
How do we use it to win games ? ''
Because they always use technology to win .
They like to win . They give them money .
So , here 's a quick refresher on NFL technology .
In 1965 , the <unk> of Baltimore , they put a <unk> to their <unk> , and they 'd play faster .
They won the Super Bowl that year .
Other teams decided to imitate them .
More people saw the game because it was more exciting , faster .
In 1994 , the NFL put radio stations in the country 's <unk> and then on the walls .
They had more viewers because it was faster , more entertaining .
In <unk> , imagine that they 're a player going back and see their next move shown in front of you , in a plastic bombsight that they carry on . You do n't have to worry about forgetting a second .
or <unk> the strategy .
They just go out to the field and they react .
And the coaches want them because they do n't follow their instructions , they lose games , and they hate to lose games .
If you lose games , if you lose parties as a coach .
And they do n't want that .
But augmented reality is not just a new strategies of strategies .
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game .
How would you do ?
Well , a very simple option would be a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from the high of the people who are down .
You also get information from the helmets and the <unk> , something you 're already working on .
And all that information is sent to your players .
The good teams will know it .
The bad guys overload information overload .
This will be good at good equipment .
So , your team of computer will be as important as your scouts , and the data analysis to stop being nerds .
It will also be by sportsmen . Who would have imagined ?
What would it be like in the field ?
Imagine that you 're the field camp .
You get the ball and <unk> .
All of a sudden , a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight , tell you that a defense behind you 's going to <unk> you . Normally , you would n't see it , but the <unk> system would tell you .
Let 's get the protection area .
Another flashlight will tell you that there 's an open receptor .
It 's breaking the ball .
And the ball loses the trajectory .
You do n't know where to land , though , the receptor sees its bombsight in its bombsight , a area of grass lights up and can modify the race .
It 's coming up , he 's catching the ball , runs and give up .
The audience goes crazy and the fans have followed the move from every angle .
This is something that creates a massive emotion in the game .
I 'm going to make lots of people see it , because people want to live that experience .
The fans want to be in the field .
You want your favorite player .
augmented reality will be part of the sport , because it 's too profitable to not be .
But what I ask you is : Do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality ?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus , like our standard entertainment ?
Because I think we can use it for something else .
I think we can use augmented reality for empathy between human beings to show someone how it is , literally , being in the other person 's place .
We know what this technology is worth for <unk> sport .
It generates billions of revenue a year .
But how much is this technology for a professor in the classroom trying to show you how harmful their actions is from the perspective of the victim ?
How much is this technology for a gay man in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live being pursued ?
How much is it as well for a Lorraine Hadfield or an Neil <unk> Tyson trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of short-term notes and <unk> ?
Ladies and gentlemen , augmented reality .
The questions that we do , the decisions we take and the challenges that we face , depend on , as usual , of us .
Thank you .
I recently retired after 23 years of service in the <unk> California <unk> .
Most of those 23 years , I 've got the country 's late southern County , which includes the Golden Gate Bridge .
The bridge is an iconic structure , it 's known in the world of its beautiful view of San Francisco , the Pacific Ocean , and its architectural style .
Unfortunately , it 's also a magnet for suicide , being one of the most used places in the world .
The Golden Gate Bridge was open in 1937 .
Joseph <unk> , engineer <unk> , who could build the bridge , said that , `` The bridge is pretty much to test suicide .
suicide from the bridge is no practical or practical .
But from their openness , over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge .
Some people believe that travel between the two towers , this bridge has idealized as such as such , so that every one from it is released to you from all your concerns and pain , and water that moves underneath your soul .
But let me tell you that happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide .
After a free of four to five seconds , the body crashes the water about 120 miles an hour .
It breaks down the bones , some of which <unk> organs .
Most of them die in the impact .
The ones that do n't , they usually get into the water helpless , and then they drown .
I do n't think that the ones that we 're going to do with this method of suicide will realize the death method they 're going to be facing .
This is the wire .
Except about the two towers , there 's 32 inches of parallel steel steel .
This is where most people are going to be before they get life .
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge , and in the darker moment , it 's very difficult to bring us back .
I took this picture last year when this young man was talking with an officer looking at his life .
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the fence .
When I started working on the bridge , we did n't have a formal training .
<unk> to channel the path through these calls .
This was n't just a bad service for those who suicide suicide , but also the officers as well .
We 've come a long way since then .
Today , senior officials and psychologists train the new officers .
This is Jason <unk> .
I met him on July 22 , when you get a call from a potential table sitting in the cords near the center .
<unk> , and when I arrived , I looked at Jason talking to an official the Golden Gate Bridge .
Jason was only 32 years old , and I 'd flown up here from New Jersey .
In fact , I 'd flown up here two times before New Jersey to try to commit suicide from this bridge .
After about an hour talking to Jason , I wondered if we knew the story of Pandora 's box .
<unk> the Greek mythology , <unk> created Pandora , and sent it to the Earth with a box , and he said , `` Never , never open that box . ''
Well one day , curiosity could more than Pandora , and she opened the box .
She came out pests and sorrows and all kinds of evil evil .
The only good thing in the box was hope .
So , Jason asked us , `` What if you open the box and no hope ? ''
And he stopped a few moments , leaned on to the right , and went .
This kind and clever guy from New Jersey had just taken life .
I spoke to the parents of Jason that night , and I guess when I was talking to them , it did n't seem to be ringing very well , because the next day , the family rabbi called me to see how he was .
The parents of Jason had been asked .
Well , collateral damage affected a lot of people .
I pose these questions : What would you do if a member of your family , a friend or somebody loved outside ?
What would you say ?
Do you know what to say ?
In my experience , you do n't just talk , you need to listen .
It will listen to understand .
No <unk> , <unk> , or tell the person you know how it feels like , because you probably ca n't know it .
Just being there , you can be the inflection point you need .
If you think someone is suicide , you 're not afraid of <unk> and asking the question .
One way to ask you is , `` Other people in similar circumstances have thought about finishing their life ; you 've had these thoughts ? ''
They save the person in front can save their life and be the turning point for them .
Other signs to search : despair , believe that things are terrible , and they 're never going to get better ; they 're going to believe that there 's nothing you can do about it ; it 's recent social isolation ; and a loss of interest in life .
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago , and I got email from a lady and I 'd like to read her his letter .
She lost his son on January 19th of this year , and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago , and it 's his permission and blessing that I read it .
`` Hi , Kevin .
It must be a whole experience to be there .
I 'm thinking that I should go up to the bridge this weekend .
I just wanted to leave you a note .
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to his friends who tell his friends and so forth .
I 'm still quite numb , but noticing more moments from giving me really that Mike wo n't come home .
Mike was driving from <unk> to San Francisco to see the guy from 49 to his father 's 19th .
It never came there .
I called the police officers and reported it as disappeared that night .
The next morning , two officers came to my house and told me that Mike 's car was down on the bridge .
A witness had seen him jump from the bridge to the afternoon before .
Thank you very much to fight for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves .
Who has n't been before bad without having a real mental illness ?
It should n't be so easy to end up with it .
My prayers are with you for your fight .
<unk> , the Golden Gate Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay , not a cemetery .
Good luck this week , <unk> . ''
I ca n't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and walk the way his son took that day , and also the courage to go ahead .
I 'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value .
On September 11 March , 2005 , I replied to a radio call for a possible subject date on the bridge of the bridge near the north tower .
<unk> my bike on the sidewalk and watched this man , Kevin <unk> , standing on the sidewalk .
When he saw me , he immediately crossed the railing , and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower .
For the next time and a half , I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness .
Kevin decided that day to go back to that lane , and give life another opportunity .
When Kevin came back , it 's <unk> .
`` This is a new beginning , a new life . ''
But I asked him , `` What was he going back and gave the hope and gave the other opportunity ? ''
And you know what he said ?
He said , `` You 've got me .
You were left to speak and just heard . ''
Shortly after that incident , I got a letter from the mother 's mother , and I have that letter with me , and I 'd like to <unk> it .
`` Dear Mr. <unk> , Nothing erase the 9/11 events , and you 're one of the reasons why Kevin is on us .
Honestly , I think Kevin was <unk> .
He 's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it 's been properly <unk> .
She took Kevin to Kevin when I only had six months , completely unconscious from all those traits <unk> , but thank God , we now know .
Kevin is in order , as it says .
We thank God for you .
<unk> with you , <unk> <unk> .
And at the end of it , she writes , `` <unk> . When I visited the General San Francisco Hospital that night , you 're going to look at the patient .
`` Hey , I did have to solve ! ''
Right now , Kevin is a loving father and a active limb of society .
It talks openly about the events of that day and their depression with hope that their story inspire others .
suicide is not just something that I 've ever found in work .
It 's personal .
My grandfather was killed by poison .
That act , despite finishing his own pain , sends me the opportunity to meet him .
This is what suicide does .
For most people who are suicidal , or those who consider suicide , would n't think they hurt another person .
They just want their own pain .
It 's usually done in three ways : sleep , drugs or alcohol or alcohol .
In my career , I 've answered , and I 've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge .
Of those incidents that I 've been directly involved , I 've only lost two , but those two are too much .
One was Jason .
The other one was a man who talked about about an hour .
For that time , I was holding my hand on three times .
At the end note , I looked at me , and he said , `` Kevin , I 'm sorry , but I have to go . ''
And he jumped .
Awful , absolutely awful .
I want to tell you , though , that the vast majority of people that we get to contact with that bridge do n't kill themselves .
Also , those few people who have jumped on the bridge and lived in , and they can talk about it , that one or two percent , most of those people have said that the second one that they leave the railing was that they had made a mistake , and they wanted to live .
I tell people , the bridge does n't only connect us to San Francisco , but also people .
That connection , or bridge that we do , is something that everyone and each of us should be striving to do .
Death can prevent us .
There 's help . There 's hope .
Thank you very much .
The world makes you be what you 're not , but in your interior , you know what you are , and a question asks you , `` How do you become that ? ''
I have to be something unique in that sense , but I 'm not alone alone .
When I became a model , I felt that I had done the dream that I had since a little girl .
My outside finally was consistent with my heart , with my inner .
For so complicated reasons , the ones I 'll be referring to , when I look at this picture , I think , <unk> , you get it , you got .
But last October , I discovered that I 'm barely starting .
We were all going to tell our families , our religion , our society , our moment in history , even our bodies .
Some of you have the value of free , to get rid of the limitations of the skin or the belief that surround us are .
People who are always challenging the status quo , which is considered to be accepted .
In my case , the last nine years , many of my neighbors , many of my friends , my agent , ignored my story .
I think this puzzle is called revelation .
This is mine .
They signed up as a child , at birth due to the appearance of my genitals .
I remember my five years in the Philippines , in my home , I was always wearing this t-shirt on my head .
And my mom asked me , `` Why are you always wearing that t-shirt in your head ? ''
I said , `` Mom , it 's my hair . I 'm a girl . ''
I knew how to go .
The gender has always been considered a <unk> , but now we know that it 's a more complex , mysterious thing .
Because of my success , I 'm never going to be able to share my story , not because I thought it will be what I 'm bad , but how the world is about those of us who want to get free .
Every day I appreciate being a woman .
I have mom and Dad , and a family they accept me as I am .
Many are not so lucky .
There 's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender .
There 's a Buddhist goddess of compassion .
There 's a Hindu goddess , goddess of <unk> .
And when I was eight , I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries .
I was in front of the stage , and I remember this beautiful woman appeared in front of me , and I remember that moment as though something struck me : This is the kind of woman I want to be .
And when I was 15 years old , I met this woman named <unk> .
It 's a principal of a transgender beauty competition .
That night , she asked me , `` Why have n't you ever participated in the beauty competition ? ''
He told me that if she participated , she was responsible for the expenses fees and the costumes , and that night , I won in <unk> <unk> , and I won in a <unk> fashion suit between over 40 candidates .
That moment changed my life .
Suddenly , I was inside of the world of beauty beauty .
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from female women 's beauty , but I can .
I also met the goddess of teenagers , especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines .
But more importantly , I met my best friends in that community .
In 2001 , my mom had moved to San Francisco , called me and told me that passed my application for the green card that I could go to live in the United States .
I stood up .
I said to my mother , `` Mommy , I 'm having fun .
I 'm here with friends , I like to travel and be a queen of beauty . ''
But then , two weeks later , he called me and said , `` You know that if you get to the U.S. , you can change your name and your gender identity ? ''
It was all I needed to hear .
My mom suggested I would put two `` and '' to my name .
She also accompanied me when I had been operated in Thailand at the age of 19 .
It 's curious that in some of the most rural cities of Thailand do the most successful , sophisticated and safe surgeries .
At that time in the United States , it was necessary to be done by surgery before they changed the name and gender .
So in 2001 , I went to San Francisco , and I remember looking at the driving license with the name <unk> and the `` F '' license .
It was a great time .
For some people , their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a drink , but for me , it was the license to live , to feel dignified .
Suddenly , my fears saw <unk> .
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York , and to be a model .
Many are not so lucky .
I think of this woman from <unk> <unk> <unk> .
A young woman in New York , who lived in his truth , but he did n't know , <unk> her life .
For many of my community , that 's the reality that they live .
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population .
All 20th of November we make a global waking Day by <unk> Day .
I 'm on this stage because of a long history of people who were going to be <unk> and stood at injustice .
These are Marsha P. Johnson and Sylvia Rivera .
Today , right now , I 'm coming out of the closet .
I ca n't keep living my truth alone and just me .
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame , or fear .
I 'm here , <unk> , so that someday there 's no longer 20 than 20 of November .
My deepest truth took me to accept what I am .
Will you ?
Thank you very much .
Thank you , thank you , thank you . Kathryn Schulz : <unk> , a quick question .
<unk> <unk> : Sure . You 'll first thank you all my blessings .
I support my support network , my parents , especially , my family , who itself is very strong .
And I remember all the time that I 've been to young young women trans , that I 've monitored , and they told me that their parents could n't embrace it , I took my mom , called my mom and said , `` Mommy , can you call this woman ? ''
Sometimes it worked , others not . It 's just gender identity , that 's what 's at the center of what we are , right ?
I mean , we 're all assigned to a gender at birth , and what I 'm trying to do is put on the table that sometimes that assignment does n't block , and there should be a space that would allow people to participate , and this is a conversation that we should have with parents , with colleagues .
The transgender movement is <unk> compared to the gay movement .
There 's still a lot of work to do .
There should be understanding .
There should be space for curiosity and asking questions , and I hope that all of you are my allies .
KS : Thank you . Very nice . <unk> : Thank you .
In many patriarchal patriarchal and tribal societies , the parents are often known for their children , but I 'm one of the few parents who 's known for her daughter and I 'm proud of it .
<unk> started his campaign by defending his rights in 2007 , and when the efforts was taken in 2011 , by <unk> the National Prize ' National Prize , it became very famous , a very popular girl in his country .
Before that , it was my daughter , but I 'm his father .
Ladies and gentlemen , if you look at the story of humanity , the history of women is the story of the injustice , of inequality , of violence and the exploitation .
You see , in patriarchal patriarchal societies , just from the beginning , when I was born a little girl , his birth is not celebrated .
They do n't welcome , not by his father , nor by his mother .
The neighborhood comes , day their mother 's mother , and no one <unk> the father .
And a mother is overwhelmed by having a little girl .
When you give birth to the first girl , the first daughter , it gets sad .
When he gives birth to the second daughter , he would fall away , and with the hope of a son , when she shines his third daughter , he feels guilty as a criminal .
Not just the mother suffers , but the daughter 's newborn daughter , when it grows , he suffers from too .
At the age of five , when I should go to school , you get home and the school admits of his siblings .
Even the age of 12 , in some way , has a good life .
You can have fun .
You can play with your friends on the street , and you can move around the streets like a butterfly .
But when it comes into adolescence , when he comes to 13 years , he 's sent to get out of his house without a male <unk> .
It 's confined to the four walls of his house .
It 's not a free person .
It becomes the honor of his father and her brothers and her family and his family , and if we were going to hold the code of that of the honor , he could even kill .
And it 's interesting that this kind of honor code , not only the life of a girl , also affects the life of male male members .
So this brother , <unk> the joys of his life and happiness of her sisters in the name of the honor .
And there is a norm more of the patriarchal societies that is called obedience .
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet , very humble and very <unk> .
It 's the criteria .
The model of a good girl must be <unk> .
It 's supposed to be quiet and that accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the choices of the elderly , even if you do n't want .
If you marry a man who does n't like or marry an old man , it has to embrace it , because it does n't want to be <unk> .
If very young marry , it has to embrace it .
Otherwise , <unk> <unk> .
And what happens to the end ?
In the words of a poet , `` The marry <unk> , and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother , <unk> the same lesson of obedience to her daughter , and the same honor of honor .
And this vicious cycle continues and continues .
He <unk> brothers and sisters , when they were born <unk> , and for the first time , believe me , I do n't like the newborns , to be honest , but when I was there and looked at his eyes , believe me , I was extremely honored .
And a lot before I was born , I thought about her name , and I was fascinated with a feisty , of the freedom of freedom in Afghanistan .
His name was <unk> of <unk> , and I called my daughter like this .
But when I looked up , they were all men , and I captured my pen , and I plotted it up a line of my name , and I wrote , `` <unk> . ''
And when she grew up , when she was four and a half and a half and a half and a half years old , I <unk> her in my school .
You might wonder , why should I mention the admission of a child in a school ?
Yes , I 've got about mentioning .
You can take it for granted in Canada , in the United States , in many developed countries , but in poor countries , in patriarchal societies , in tribal societies , in tribal societies , it 's a great event for a child 's life .
<unk> in a school means recognition of his identity and its name .
One admission to school means that it 's entered the world of dreams and the aspirations where it can explore its potential for its future life .
I 've got five sisters , and none of them could go to school , and they would be surprised , two weeks before , when I put out the Canadian visa form , and I was in the relative part to the family , I could n't remember the family of some of my sisters .
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document .
That was the reason that my daughter value .
What my father could not give my sisters and his daughters , I thought I had to change it .
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the <unk> of my daughter .
I <unk> to sit with me when my friends came to see me .
He encouraged him to go with me at different meetings .
And all these values , I 've tried to put them on their personality .
And this was not just for her , just to <unk> it .
I 've happened all these good values in my school to girls and boys .
I used the education for the emancipation .
I taught my daughters , taught students , to forget the lesson of obedience .
I taught students to forget the lesson from the so-called <unk> .
We were brothers and sisters , fought for more rights for women , and we fought to have more and more space for women in society .
But we found ourselves with a new phenomenon .
It was lethal for human rights , and in particular , for women 's rights .
It was called <unk> .
That means a complete denial of women 's participation in all political and economic and social activities .
Hundreds of schools were lost .
The girls were banned from going to school .
Women were forced to use <unk> and let markets go to markets .
Musicians were silenced , the girl <unk> and the singers killed .
<unk> millions , but a few talked , and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and <unk> when you talk for your rights .
It 's really frightening .
At the age of 10 , they got up and got up on the right to education .
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog , and she offered herself for the New York Times documentaries , and I spoke on every platform that he could .
And his voice was the most powerful voice .
They 're being replaced as a <unk> around the world .
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and nine October of 2012 , the 2012 , was shot in the head .
It was a day for my family and me .
The world became a great black hole .
Whereas my daughter was <unk> between life and death , I whispered into my wife , `` Should I blame my daughter , your daughter ? ''
And he <unk> said to me , `` Please do n't stand up .
<unk> the cause just .
<unk> your life at stake because of the cause of peace , because of the cause of peace , and your daughter was inspired by you and you joined you .
They were both on the right track and God will protect them . ''
These were a lot of the words for me , and I did n't ask again .
When <unk> was in the hospital and had severe pain pain , because his facial nerve was cut down , I used to see a dark shadow that was thrown through my wife 's face .
But my daughter never complained .
I used to tell you , `` I 'm okay with my skewed smile , and with the <unk> in my face .
I 'll get good . Please do n't worry . ''
It was an comfort for us , and it was <unk> .
He <unk> brothers and sisters , we 've learned from it how to resist the hardest moments , and I 'm happy to share with you that despite being an icon for children 's rights and women , it 's like every 16 year-old girl .
He 's crying when she does n't end his job .
You fight with your brothers , and I 'm very happy about it .
People ask me , `` What 's special on my mentoring that has made so bold to <unk> so brave and expressive and <unk> ? ''
I say , do n't ask me what I did .
It 's what I did n't do .
I did n't cut its wings , and that 's it .
Thank you very much .
Thank you . Thank you very much . Thank you .
I was <unk> in the brain 18 years ago , and since that day , science of the brain has become a personal passion .
I 'm engineering .
And I want to tell you that recently I 've joined the <unk> group , and I 'm going to tell you that I 've had a <unk> in my charge -- the <unk> of Google <unk> , but the whole work I 'm going to talk about today about the science of the brain , I did before I join Google or out of my work there .
Having said this , there 's a stigma when you get into a brain operation .
Do you still be like smart or right ?
Would you be able to be smart ?
After neurosurgery , I was missing a part of the brain , and I had to live with it .
It was n't gray matter , but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitters .
Immediately after the operation , I had to decide how much to take , more than a dozen chemicals , because if I did n't take anything , I would die in a few hours .
Every day , for the last 18 years , I 've had to decide about combinations and mixes of chemicals , and try to get them , to follow life .
Over once I 've been saved by little .
But luckily , I 've got a soul of <unk> , so I decided I would experience to try to get the <unk> dose , because there really does n't exist a clear map that says it in <unk> .
I began to try with mix mixes , and I was surprised by looking at how small changes in the dose changed dramatically my <unk> , my sense of who I was , my way of thinking , my behavior with others .
One particularly impressive case : for a few months , I tried to give doses and the typical chemicals for a man from 20 , and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed .
I was always angry , I thought all the time in sex , and I thought it was the smartest person around the world , and -- of course , many times in the past I 've met several types of guys like this , or maybe some <unk> versions .
It turned out as an extreme .
But my great surprise was that I was n't trying to be arrogant .
In fact , I was trying , so , in fact , I was trying to be able to do a problem that I had in the front , and it just did n't happen .
So , I could n't handle it .
It changed my dose .
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through , since then I 'm getting better with men .
What I was trying to do , when you adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on , I was to get my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking , my flow of ideas .
I tend to think almost always in images , and that became my key point to the key point : how do I get those mental images that I use to create <unk> , my ideas , if you want it ? Testing new ideas and <unk> situations .
This kind of thing is not new .
<unk> like Hume , Descartes and Hobbes looking at things like this .
They thought the images and the mental ideas were the same thing .
Today , there are people who challenge this idea , and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works . For me , it 's simple : for most of us , the mental images are fundamental to the thinking <unk> thinking .
So , after several years , I could find the point right and I have already lots of great mental <unk> , really <unk> , very sophisticated and well structured .
Now , I 'm working on how to do well quickly these mental images , from my mind to the computer screen .
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director would be able to use its own imagination just to lead the world that has to the front ?
Or if a musician could extract music from his head ?
There are amazing possibilities with this , like the way people creative can get to share at the speed of light .
And the truth is , the only difficulty to get to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems .
Let me show you why I think we 're quite close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups that have been done in neuroscience .
They both used MRI technology , an image of functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by <unk> <unk> and his Harvard colleagues .
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain of a person who looks at a picture .
The column in the middle is the scan of the brain of that same individual while he was imagining , looking at that same image .
The column on the right is I 've created the contents of the central column on the left of the left , and you see that the difference is almost zero .
This is repeated in many different individuals with a lot of different images , always with a similar outcome .
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same picture is almost close .
Now , let me share with you another experiment . This is from the lab of Jack <unk> at Berkeley , California .
They managed to convert brain waves into recognizably visual fields .
Let 's put it in this way .
In this experiment , it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were typing their brains to create a big pool of reactions in the brain to video sequences .
Then , I showed you a film with new images , new people , new animals , and as much as a new scan .
The computer , using only brain information from scanning to show you what it looks like the person was looking at .
On the right you can see the signature of the computer , and on the left , the video I showed you .
This left to us .
We 're pretty close to doing it .
We just need to improve the resolution .
And now , remember , when you see an image , and when you imagine that same image , it 's created in the brain the same map .
This is done with the <unk> systems of the largest resolution systems available today , and their resolution has increased as a thousand times in the last few years .
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look .
How did we do that ?
There are lots of techniques to do that .
One is open the skull and introduce electrodes .
I wo n't offer that .
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques to images , even I 'm going to do that with the recent MRI results , first we need to ask the next thing , this technology will be the end of the way ?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get bigger resolution is with bigger magnets , but at this point , magnets more likely only offer small improvements in resolution , not increases for thousands and thousands .
I propose this idea : instead of bigger magnets , we make better magnets .
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements , like making a <unk> .
And why does this matter ?
In the last few years , a huge amount of effort in the MRI was to make really big magnets , right ?
However , most of the recent advances in <unk> of ingenious and brilliant , brilliant , coding , <unk> , FM radio receptors in the MRI systems .
Instead , instead of a uniform magnetic field , we use structured magnetic patterns , structured to the FM radio frequencies .
So by combining magnetic patterns with patterns of the FM radio processing patterns , we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scan .
Also , we can then split up in layers of our growing knowledge over the brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands that we need .
By using the fMRI , we should be able to measure not only blood fluid , but the hormones and <unk> that I mentioned , and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep .
We 're going to be able to attach our ideas into a direct way to digital media .
Can you imagine if we could move over the language and communicate directly through thinking ?
What would we be able to ?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without the filter ?
You thought the Internet is a big thing .
These are big questions .
It would be irresistible to use it as a tool to amplify our thinking , and the communication skills .
Certainly this same tool could lead to the cure of Alzheimer 's and similar diseases .
We have a few more choices to open this door .
Otherwise , you pick a year , will happen in five or 15 years ?
It 's hard to imagine that it will take a lot more .
We need to learn how to give this step together .
Thank you .
I 'll talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet , not just the gay sense , not just the gay closet .
I think we all have cabinets .
Your closet is probably telling you to tell some person for the first time you love or tell somebody who 's pregnant , or to tell someone who has cancer , or any other conversation that you 've gone through in life .
All closet is a difficult conversation , and even though our subjects can vary tremendously , the experience of having lived and have left that closet is universal .
It 's scary , and we do n't like it , and it must happen .
Many years ago , I was working in the South Side <unk> <unk> , a restaurant in the city , and being there , I had to go through various phases of the intensity of <unk> <unk> : I did n't <unk> my armpits , quote the letters of <unk> , as a litany .
And it 's going to be pending that for the <unk> of my pants short , and I would get my head off , I would usually ask a little boy , `` Hey , are you a kid or girl ? ''
And there would be a little uncomfortable at the table .
I put my jaw a little bit more , I would take my coffee with a leave of anger .
The father <unk> <unk> the newspaper , and the mother launched a cold , his son .
But I would n't say nothing , and put it inside .
And I got to the point that every time I was going to be a kid between three and 10 years , I was ready to fight .
And that 's a terrible feeling .
So I promised myself that the next time would say something .
I would n't have that hard conversation .
So after a few weeks , it happened again .
`` Are you a boy or a girl ? ''
A family silence , but this time I was ready , and I was about to get into the women 's issues at the table . He had the Betty <unk> dates .
Gloria Steinem dates .
Even an excerpt from the `` Vagina Monologues '' that will show .
So I took a deep breath , and I went down and my back , a four-year-old girl with a pink dress , looking at what 's not a challenge for a feminist hero , just a girl with a question , `` Are you a boy or girl ? ''
So I took a deep breath again , and I got a lot of a lot about it , and I said , `` Hey , I know this is something confusing .
I have the short hair like the kid , and I saw boy clothes , but I 'm a girl , and you know , like you like to wear a pink dress , and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajama .
I 'm more of the kind of girl in a little comfortable pajama . ''
And that little girl looked at me , and he looked at me attention , and he said , `` My favorite pajama is purple and it has a fish .
Can you give me a <unk> , please ? ''
And that was all . Just `` Oh , you 're a girl .
What about the <unk> that I asked ? ''
It was the easiest conversation for all I ever had .
And why ? Because the girl from the <unk> and I , both of us , was honest with the other .
So as many of us , I 've lived in some closet in my life , and yes , often my walls used to be a rainbow .
But in the dark , you ca n't know what color is the walls .
You just know how a feeling feels like living in a closet .
That 's how my closet is not different from yours or yours or yours or yours .
You know , I 'm going to give you 100 reasons why it 's coming out of my closet , but this is the thing : the hard thing is not relative .
The hard thing is hard .
Who can tell somebody that they 've declared to do it on broken banking is more difficult than saying they 've been fooled ?
Who can tell me that this story that I 'm telling you is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son that you 're going to do ?
There 's no more difficult thing , there 's only the hard thing .
We need to stop classifying what it is hard to do with someone else 's hard to make us feel better or worse in relation to our cabinets , and we need to just feel empathy because we all live something difficult .
At some point in our lives , we all live in cabinets , and they can make them feel safe , or at least more security than the other side of the door .
But I 'm here to tell you , no matter what the walls are made , a closet is not a place to live .
Thank you . Imagine 20 years ago .
I , I had a horse tail , a dress and <unk> shoes .
It was n't a militant lesbian prepared to fight for any four year-olds who would go into coffee .
I was frozen because of the fear , <unk> in a corner of my dark closet , <unk> my gay grenade , and the move only one muscle is the hardest thing I ever did .
My family , my friends , whole strangers that I 've spent my entire life trying to be not disappointed , and now the world was turned around .
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long , but if you do n't toss that grenade , you 'll kill you .
One of my most memorable greeting throws was at my sister 's wedding .
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that I was gay , and by making my <unk> appeal , in my black dress and <unk> . I walked around the tables and finally got to one where my parents ' friends were , who I knew I did .
And after speaking , one of the women shouted , `` I love Nathan <unk> ! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started .
`` <unk> , once you were in the Castro ? ''
`` Well , yes , the truth is that we have friends in San Francisco . ''
`` Well , we 've never gone there , but we 've heard it 's fabulous . ''
`` <unk> , you know my <unk> Antonio ? ''
It 's very good and has never talked about having a girlfriend . ''
`` <unk> , what 's your favorite TV show ?
Our favorite program ? Will and Grace .
And you know who love it ? Jack .
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman , puzzling himself , but in waiting for I desperately to show her support , to make me know that I was on my side , finally said to me , `` Well , sometimes my husband uses pink shirts . ''
And I had an opportunity at that moment , as you have all the Scud launchers .
I could have been easy to tell where they felt <unk> .
It 's not very difficult to find them and figure out what they were doing .
And what else can you ask someone , but do they strive ?
If you 're going to be authentic with somebody , you have to be prepared for the authentic thing you get .
That 's how hard conversations remain without being my strong point .
Ask for anybody who I have come out .
But I 'm getting better , and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Girl of the <unk> .
Now , please look at this through the gay perspective , but understand that what it takes out of any closet is essentially the same .
Number one : Be authentic .
Get your armor . Be you .
That little girl in the coffee did n't have armor but I was ready for battle .
If you want someone to be genuine , others have to know that we have .
Number two : Be no direct . Just fix it . Take your patches .
If you know that they 're gay , they 're <unk> .
If they say to their parents , maybe they could be gay , they will hold the hope that that could change .
Do n't give them a sense of false hope .
And number three , and more importantly -- let 's leave the complex .
You communicate your truth .
You would never get rid of that .
And some of you may get wounded , you know , <unk> by what you 've done , but I never excuse what you are .
And yes , maybe some of you will be disappointed , but that 's something in them , not in you .
Those are the expectations of them about what you are , but not your own own .
That 's the story of them , but not of you .
The only story that you care about is what you want to write .
So the next time you meet in a dark closet , you 've got a grenade , you must know that we 've all been there before .
And they can feel very alone , but they 're not .
Thank you , Boulder . Enjoy the evening .
But what 's that ?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen , a productive example has been the famous <unk> quote that `` The question of whether a machine can think of it is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When <unk> <unk> wrote this , it did as a critique of computer pioneers as Alan Turing .
And so a few years ago , I took a program to try to understand the physical fundamental mechanisms behind intelligence .
Let 's take a step back .
First start with a mental experiment .
Imagine that it 's about an alien race , that you do n't know anything about the biology of the Earth and the neuroscience of the Earth , but have incredible telescopes , and you can see the Earth , and have incredibly long lives , so you can see the Earth for millions , even billions of years .
And you see a very strange effect .
Of course , as Earthlings , we know that the reason is that we 're trying to save ourselves .
We 're trying to avoid an impact .
But if you 're from an alien race that does n't know anything about this , that it does n't have any concept about intelligence on Earth , you 're forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how , to a certain time in time , the asteroids that we would take on the surface of a planet mysteriously would stop doing .
And that 's why I claim this is the same question than understanding the physical nature of intelligence .
So in this program that I conducted several years ago , I looked at a variety of issues through science , through various disciplines , which pointed out , I think , towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence .
In cosmology , for example , there 's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be honed for the development of intelligence , and in particular , for the development of universal states that will reduce the diversity of possible future .
Finally , in the robotic movement planning , there 's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to do complex tasks .
And so , taking all these different issues and put them together , asked , for a number of years , is there an underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues ?
Is there just an equation for intelligence ?
And I think the answer is . What you 're seeing is probably the closest equivalent of a E = <unk> for the intelligence that I 've seen .
So what you 're seeing here is an assertion that intelligence is a force , F , which acts in order to maximize future freedom of action .
It 's acting to maximize future freedom of action , or to keep the choice open , with the diversity of possible future accessible , yes , to an impending , future , future , future time .
In a nutshell , intelligence does n't like to get stuck .
Intelligence is trying to maximize future freedom of action and maintain open choices .
And so , having in mind this equation , it 's natural to ask : What can you do with this ?
How predictive is it ?
Do we reinvent the level of human intelligence ?
Did artificial intelligence do that ?
So I 'm going to show you now a video that I think , to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation .
Narrator : <unk> research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder , or `` entropy , '' during their life , they should have tendency to more favorable conditions for intelligent beings like us .
But what if that cosmological cosmological connection between entropy and intelligence would be a deeper relationship ?
What if intelligent behavior are not only correlated with the production of entropy in the long term , but actually emerges from it ?
To find out , we developed a software engine called <unk> , designed to maximize the production of entropy in any system that you find inside .
Surprisingly , <unk> could spend multiple animal tests , playing games of humans , and even make money trading , all of them without having to do that .
Here are some examples of <unk> in action .
Just like a human foot without falling off , here we see <unk> balancing automatically a pole using a cart .
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it a goal .
He just decided to balance the pole .
This ability to balance is going to have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies .
This tools of tools will have applications in smart manufacturing and applications .
Also , just like some other animals can cooperate and cooperate on opposite opposite side of a rope at the same time to release the food , here we see that it can make a model version of that task .
This ability to cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields .
<unk> is widely applicable on a variety of domains .
For example , here we see it successfully playing a game of <unk> against itself , <unk> their potential for play .
So here we see <unk> orchestrate new connections into a social network where friends are constantly offline and keeps the whole living network .
This same <unk> ability also has applications in health care , energy and intelligence .
Here we are able to organize the routes of a fleet of ships , discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand globally from the Atlantic to the Pacific .
In the same way , <unk> is widely applicable on these autonomously , logistics and transportation .
Finally , here we see spontaneously discovering and run a <unk> strategy , <unk> in a simulated series of actions negotiation , successfully increased assets under management .
This risk management ability will have vast applications in finance and insurance .
Alex <unk> : What you 've seen is that a variety of brands of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools and walking walking and social cooperation , all flow from one equation , which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action .
Now , here 's a deep irony .
Let 's go back at the beginning of the term of the term , the play `` <unk> '' -- there was always the concept that if you put smart machines , there would be a cyber rebellion .
The machines will fall against us .
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades , we 've had all the concept of cyber rebellion in reverse .
It 's not that machines first become intelligent and then <unk> and trying to take over the world .
It 's all the opposite , that the impulse to take control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle that of intelligence , that general intelligence can actually arise out of taking control , rather than being backwards .
Another important implication is the search for the target .
They often ask me , `` How is it that seeking goals come from this kind of frame ?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligences or to help them understand human intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence , is the following : intelligence must be seen as a physical process trying to maximize future freedom of action and avoiding the restrictions in their own future .
Thank you very much .
We 're at an inflection point in human history , something between the stars and losing the planet we call home .
Although , in the last few years , we 've widened our knowledge of how Earth fits Earth in the context of the universe .
NASA 's NASA mission has discovered thousands of potential planets orbiting other stars , which points to Earth is only one between the billions of planets in our galaxy .
Kepler is a space telescope which measures the dim light intensity of the stars when planets go ahead of them , and blocking a little bit of that light that comes to us .
Data by Kepler shows the sizes of planets on the distance that there are between them and their mother star .
Together , this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rocky as the Earth 's land , and also the amount of light that they receive from their suns .
Instead , this is clues about if these planets that we find are habitable or not .
Unfortunately , as we 're finding this treasure trove of worlds potentially livable , our own planet is <unk> under the weight of humanity .
Last year , 2014 was the hottest year .
<unk> and sea ice who have been with us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades .
These environmental changes that we 've caused global scale has rapidly outperformed our ability to disrupt their course .
But I 'm not a weather and astronomer scientist .
But I study the <unk> of the planet being influenced by the stars , with the hope to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet .
You could say I 'm looking for alien opportunities in the housing sector .
Now , as someone really interested in finding life in the universe , I can tell you that the more planets similar to the Earth , more enjoy our own planet .
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the planet only discovered and the planets that we know better : our solar system .
Take our neighbor , Mars .
Mars is small and <unk> , and despite being a little bit further from the Sun , it can be considered a potentially livable world shown by a mission like Kepler .
In fact , it 's possible that Mars has been livable in the past , and in part , it 's why we study so much to Mars .
Our <unk> like the Curiosity , tracks their surface in search of clues about the origins of life as we know it .
The satellites that orbit them , like the <unk> mission , take samples from the atmosphere , and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their <unk> .
private companies now offer not only short space flights , but also the prospect of living on Mars .
But even though all these <unk> images remind us of the deserts of our planet , places that are linked to our imagination with <unk> and pioneer ideas , compared to Earth , Mars is a pretty terrible place to live .
Let 's take the extension of the <unk> areas of our planet that are still going to colonize , and places we can actually agree with Mars .
Even in the most dry and highest places on Earth , the air is fresh and full of oxygen that 's reduced by our tropical forests at thousands of miles away .
I 'm worried that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other planets to be able to be a big shadow of shadow : the implication and the belief and the belief that Mars expect there to save us from this hugely endangered self-destruction that we know that is truly livable , the Earth .
For a lot of me like exploring <unk> , I 'm in deep disagreement with this idea .
There are many good reasons to go to Mars , but say that Mars will be there for preserving humanity is like , imagine that the captain of the Titanic is going to tell us that the party of the truth will have place later on the life boats . Thank you .
But the goals for <unk> exploration and land preservation is not <unk> .
No , they 're actually faces of the same currency : the goal of understanding , to preserve and improve life in the future .
The extreme environments in our world look like alien aliens .
They 're closer to home .
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces , in the hostile and inhospitable areas of land , maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that .
I leave you with a thought experiment , the paradox of Fermi .
Many years ago , Enrico Fermi physicist asked , `` You realize that our universe has been around for a long time , and we hope that there were many planets in this universe , we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far .
Well , where are they ?
Well , a possible solution to the Fermi paradox is that when civilizations are becoming advanced enough to be able to live in between the stars , they lose the notion of what 's important to protect the origin of the planets that we 're creating this development .
It 's arrogant to think that it 's only the colonization of colonization being saved by ourselves , but the planetary preservation and <unk> can work together .
If we really believe in our ability to incorporate the hostile environments of Mars for human presence , then we should be able to overcome the easier task to preserve the <unk> on Earth .
Thank you .
A few years ago , I was going to hold my own home .
And while I was on my front porch looking at my pockets , I realized I did n't have the keys .
In fact , I could see the window in the dining table , where he had left them .
So quickly , I tried to open all the other doors and windows , and they were all fine closed .
I thought about calling a <unk> , at least I had my cell phone , but at midnight , a <unk> could take a long time to get there , and it was cold .
I could n't go home from my friend from Jeff to go home because I had an early flight to Europe in the next morning , and I had my passport and my suitcase .
<unk> expensive , but sure that no more expensive than a <unk> at night , so I thought , despite the circumstances , I was standing right .
I 'm a neuroscientist a career , and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress .
It releases cortisol that goes up with heart rate , increase the adrenaline levels of adrenaline and <unk> thinking .
And when I got to the turnover counter at the airport , I realized I did n't have my passport .
Well , I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleeping .
And I started to wonder , if there was something that I could do , systems that could put in place , that you can avoid the bad things happen .
Or at least , if bad things happen , that we would promote the likelihood that it 's a total catastrophe .
So I started thinking about that , but until a month later , my thoughts did n't speak .
I was having dinner with my colleague Danny <unk> , and a little embarrassed I talked about that I broke the window , and I had forgotten my passport , and Danny shared with me that I had been practicing with something called the <unk> retrospective .
It 's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein , who had written this a few years earlier , also known as the <unk> .
You all know what the <unk> is .
Every time there 's a disaster , a team of experts come and trying to figure out what went wrong , right ?
In the <unk> , what explains Danny , you look forward and tries to figure out all the things that might go wrong , and then try to figure out what it can do to prevent things to happen , or to minimize the damage .
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a <unk> .
Some of them are evident , others are not so evident .
I 'm going to start with the obvious ones .
At home , a place for things that are easily lost .
This sounds common and it is , but there 's a lot of science that supports this thesis , based on how our spatial memory works .
There 's a structure in the brain called hippocampus , which has evolved over thousands of years , to follow the location of the important things , where the good ones are , where the fish are , which sits on the <unk> trees , where the tribes and enemies live in .
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that <unk> in the London drivers .
It 's the part of the brain that allows squirrels to find their nuts .
And if someone really asked if somebody actually did the experiment , they cut out <unk> sense of squirrels , and yet they could find their nuts .
They did n't use smell , but the hippocampus , that very evolved mechanism in the brain to find things .
But it 's really good for things that do n't move very much , not so good for things that move a lot .
This is the reason for losing keys in the car , and a reading mask and passports .
So at home , you 'd put a place for the keys , a hook together at the door , maybe an decorative dish .
For his passport , a particular crate .
For your reading glasses , a particular table .
If you 're going to take a place , and you 're looking at it , your stuff will always be there when you look for them .
What about travel ?
Take a picture of their credit card cards , license driving , passport , <unk> for themselves to be in the cloud .
If these things are lost or steal , this can facilitate the substitution .
These are some of the most obvious things .
Remember , when you 're under stress , your brain releases cortisol .
<unk> is toxic and <unk> thinking .
So part of <unk> practice is recognizing that under stress we wo n't be at the best time , and you have to put the systems on its site .
And there 's perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision .
And at some point , we 're all in that situation , to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one , to help them with a decision .
And so I want to talk about that .
And I 'll talk about a very particular medical condition .
But this is <unk> like a <unk> for all medical decisions , and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions , any kind of decision that you need to take from that would benefit a rational assessment of facts .
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says , `` I 've received the result of the lab and your cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that high cholesterol is associated with a higher risk of cardiovascular disease , heart attack , stroke .
So you 're thinking that you have high cholesterol is not the best , then the doctor says , `` I 'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce your cholesterol , a <unk> . ''
And maybe you 've already heard about the <unk> , and you know that it 's one of the most prescribed drugs in the world today , and you 're likely to know people taking them .
So you 're thinking , `` Yes , I 'm going to give you the <unk> ! ''
But there 's a question that you have to do , then , a statistic that you should ask for why most doctors do n't want to talk , and the pharmaceutical companies even less .
It 's for <unk> , the number needs to treat .
And what is this , the <unk> ?
It 's the number of people who have to take a drug or having surgery in any medical procedure before they can help a person .
And you have to think of what kind of statistician <unk> is that ?
Number one must be one .
My doctor would n't tell me something if it did n't help me .
But actually , medical practice does n't work like this .
And it 's not the doctor 's fault , and if it 's someone 's fault , it 's scientists like me .
We have n't understood the underlying mechanisms .
But the estimates of remembering that 90 percent of drugs is only about 30 to 50 percent of the people .
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed <unk> , which do you think it 's ?
How many people have to take it before they help a person ?
300 .
This according to <unk> researchers <unk> <unk> and Pamela <unk> , <unk> independently by <unk> .
I looked at numbers .
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack or stroke or another <unk> event .
Now you probably think , `` Well , one probability in 300 of my cholesterol .
Why not , doctor ? It 's going to make the recipe anyway . ''
But then you have to ask for a more statistics , and it 's , `` <unk> of side effects . '' Right ?
For this particular drug , the side effects occur in five percent of the patients .
And those include terrible things : muscle pain and articulate pain , pain pain , but now you think , `` Five percent is not very likely to happen to me , we still take the medicine . ''
But a moment .
remember , low stress do n't think of clarity .
So , think about how you can do this over time , so you do n't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act .
300 people take the drug , not ? A person has helped him five percent of the 300 , that 's 15 people .
You have 15 times more likely to get harmed by the drug that you can help your drug .
I do n't say they should or not take the <unk> .
I 'm just saying you should have this conversation with your doctor .
Health ethics requires it , is part of the informed consent principle .
We have right to have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take the risks or not .
You may be thinking that I 've launched this number in the air for the crash value , but actually this number needs to treat is fairly typical .
For the surgery that 's done more in the older men in 50 , prostate prostate cancer , the number needs needed to deal with 49 .
This is : 49 surgeries for a person who has helped .
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of the patients .
Those include themselves , or dysfunction , urinary incontinence , <unk> enzymes .
And if you 're lucky , it 's one of that 50 percent of the effects only one year or two .
So the idea of <unk> is to think before time , the questions that you can pose the conversation forward .
You do n't have to make all of this in the act .
And they also want to think about the quality of life .
Because you have a choice many times , you want a shorter life out of pain , or a longer life that could be much pain in the end ?
These are the things that they talk and think about now , with their family and their loved ones .
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment , but at least you 're trained in this kind of thought .
Remember , our brain releases cortisol , and one of the things that happens at that moment is that they turn out a lot of systems .
There 's an evolutionary reason for this .
Face 2 Face with a predator , you do n't need the digestive system , or the libido or your immune system , because if your body is spending metabolism on those things , it does n't react fast . You could get lunch lunch , so nothing of that matters .
Unfortunately , one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is the logical thinking , like Danny <unk> and his colleagues have shown .
So we have to train them to think about the future of these kinds of situations .
I think the important thing here is to recognize that all of us are rejects .
We 're all going to fail once when .
The idea is to think about the future how it might be those failures , to put the systems into the place that will help minimize the damage , or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place .
<unk> the night snow night , when I came back from my journey , my contractor installed me a combination of the combination with the door , with a key to the entry door in the same , an easy way to remember it .
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters I have not ordered , and lots of emails I have not read .
So I 'm not very organized , but I see the organization as a gradual process , and I 'm doing it .
Thank you very much .
Interpreter : <unk> , `` Well , '' is my favorite musical symbol .
It means playing softly .
If you 're playing a musical instrument , and you see a `` `` The '' in the score , you need to play more gently .
Two <unk> , even more soft .
Four <unk> , extremely smooth .
This is my drawing from a <unk> tree , and there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of <unk> may have , I would never get a complete silence .
That 's my definition of silence : a very dark sound .
I 'd like to share a little bit about the history of the U.S. American system , the <unk> , in addition to a little bit of my own story .
French sign language arrived during the 1800s , and over the time of time , I mixed with local signs , and it developed the language we know today as <unk> .
So it has a story about 200 years .
I was born deaf , and I was taught to believe that the sound was not a part of my life .
And I thought it was true .
But now I realize that it 's not true for anything .
Sounds are a very important part of my life , you 're really in my mind every day .
As an deaf person who lives in a sound world , it 's like I lived in a foreign country , following blindly by rules , customs , behaviors and standards without <unk> .
So how do I understand sound ?
Well , I see how people behave and respond to the sound .
People are like my speakers and amplify the sound .
I 'm a learning , and we 'll make that behavior .
At the same time , I 've learned that I can create sounds , and I 've seen how people respond .
So I 've learned , for example .
`` Do n't shake the door ! ''
`` Do n't do too much noise from eating the bag of chips ! ''
`` No <unk> , and when you 're eating , you do n't scratch the covered in the dish . ''
This is all called `` sound tag . ''
Maybe I think on the sound tag more than the average person does .
I 'm a <unk> sound .
And I 'm always waiting for the sound of the sound that 's coming next .
From there , this drawing .
<unk> , to decide .
<unk> , to continue .
<unk> , to announce .
You can see that <unk> has no notes on the lines .
That 's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle <unk> and spots .
In the culture of culture , the movement is equivalent to sound .
This is the signal for <unk> in the <unk> .
A typical <unk> has five lines .
However , to me , do whatever with my thumb is not natural .
That 's why in my drawings I just have four lines on paper .
In the year 2008 , I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin , Germany , for a <unk> <unk> there .
Before this time , I had worked like <unk> .
During this summer , I visited museums and spaces of different galleries , and while I was from one place to another , I realized there was no visual art there .
At that point , the sound was the trend and that was called me attention .
There was no visual art , it was all hearing .
Now sound has come into my territory of art .
Is it going to add me more from art ?
I realized it does n't have to be that way .
In fact , I know the sound .
I know it so well that you do n't experience through your ears .
I can feel it in touch , or I can feel really visually experience , or even as an idea .
So I decided to reclaim the sound of sound and <unk> in my artistic practice .
And everything that had been taught me in terms of sound , I decided to leave it and get it out .
I started to create a new work body .
And when I presented it to the artistic community , I was shocked with the amount of support and attention that I received .
I realized sound is like money , power , control : social currency .
In the background of my mind , I always felt that the sound was alien , was something of a listener .
And sound is so powerful that it could be <unk> to me and my artistic work , or I could empower me .
I chose me to get stuck .
There is a massive culture around language .
And just because I do n't use my literal voice to communicate , to society 's eyes , it 's as if it had no voice at all .
So I have to work with people who can support me equally and become my voice .
And so I 'm able to be relevant to the current society .
So in school , at work and institutions , I work with lots of different performers .
And his voice becomes my voice and identity .
They help me be heard .
And their voices have value and weight .
Ironically , by asking you your voices , I 'm able to hold your voices , I 'm able to keep a temporary form of value , just like taking a loan with a very high interest rate .
If you will not continue with this practice , I feel that I could trust you and not have any social value .
So with sound like my new artistic medium , <unk> in the world of music .
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and <unk> .
For example , a musical note can not capture and expressing fully on paper .
And the same is true of a concept in <unk> .
The two of them are very spatial and highly <unk> what it means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as well as the sound of the sound .
I 'd like to share with you a piano metaphor for you to understand better how the <unk> works .
So , imagine a piano .
<unk> is divided into many different <unk> parameters .
If you <unk> a different parameter for every finger while your piano hits , as facial expression , your body movement , the speed , the way you can see the piano , English is a linear language , as if you were going to get into just a button at a time .
However , the <unk> is more like a chord , you need the 10 fingers simultaneously to express a clear concept or an idea in <unk> .
If just a button would change the chord , it would create a completely different meaning .
Same thing with the music in terms of pitch and timbre and volume .
In <unk> , by using these different <unk> parameters , they can express different ideas .
For example , the <unk> signal .
This is the `` <unk> '' sign .
I 'm seeing you .
<unk> away .
Oh , I 'm going to tell you .
Uh oh .
What are you looking at ?
Oh , enough !
So , I started thinking , and if I look at the <unk> through the music lens ?
If I had to create a sign and it <unk> it over and over again , it could be like a piece of visual music .
For example , this is the `` day '' sign , the sun comes out and you put it up .
This is all day . ''
If you put it out and you get the speed , visual speed looks like a piece of music .
All day .
I feel that the same thing can say , `` All night . ''
All night .
This is the whole night , in this drawing .
And this led me to think about three different nights : `` Last night , '' `` Last night , '' `` all night . ''
I feel the third one has more <unk> than the other two .
This represents how time expresses time in <unk> and how long a body can express changes in time .
For example , one <unk> . It 's a hand , two <unk> . It 's two hands , the present gets closer and in front of the body , the future is in front of the body , and the past is on the back of the body .
So the first example is `` long ago . ''
Then , `` past . ''
The common time is a musical term with a specific pace of four times .
However , when I look at the word `` common time '' I think automatically , `` at the same time . ''
See <unk> : right , E : E : left hand .
We have the <unk> through the head and the chest .
[ Face : <unk> , flashlight ] [ with ] [ Unclear ] Time : E , a flashlight : I 'm going to show you a way of hand called `` flashlight . ''
Can you do it with me ?
All right .
Now we 're going to do it both in the head like the chest , something like `` common time '' or `` at the same time . ''
Yeah , very well .
That means `` falling in love with the international system .
The international system , as a note , is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and languages all over the world .
The second one I 'd like to show you is this . Please do it with me again .
And now this .
It means colonization in <unk> .
Now , the third . Please follow me again .
And again .
It 's `` illumination '' in the <unk> .
We 're going to do three together .
`` <unk> , '' `` colonization '' and `` illumination . ''
Good job .
Notice how the three signs are very similar , everybody happens in their head and chest , but they transmit very different meanings .
It 's amazing to see how <unk> is alive and prosperous , just like the music .
However , today , we live in a very <unk> world .
And just because the <unk> has no sounds , it automatically has no social value .
We have to start questioning what defines the social value and allow the <unk> to develop its own value , without sound .
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society .
And maybe people understand that you do n't have to be deaf to learn how to get <unk> , not that you have to hear music .
<unk> is a treasure trove , and I 'd like you to have the same experience .
I 'd like to invite you to open your ears , open your eyes , to participate in our culture and experience of our visual language .
And you never know , you can even fall in love with us .
Thank you .
Denise <unk> : Hey , that 's me .
As a child , my parents would say to me , `` You can tear it all , but then you have to clean . ''
Freedom involves responsibility .
But my imagination led to all these wonderful places , where everything was possible .
So I grew up in an innocence , or a bubble of ignorance , I have to say , because adults would lie to us to protect us from the horrible truth .
When I got older , I found out that adults also <unk> , and they 're not very good at cleaning the other ones .
The time , now I 'm an adult and teach citizenship and invention in the Hong Kong .
You do n't have to wait a lot for my students to walk on the beach with lots of garbage .
So as good citizens , we cleaned the beaches , and not drinking alcohol , and if he 's , I did n't give it .
It 's sad to say , but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic .
It 's a scary thing .
And in the last few decades , we 've been coming out with these big ships and networks , and we 've got these pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope , and we classify them into this information on a map .
But it lasts for an eternity , and it 's very expensive , and it 's also very expensive to use those huge boats .
So with my students , with six to 15 years , we dream to invent a better way .
We 've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop .
We started building this table of work with height <unk> so that the kids are very ventilated , they can also participate .
And I 'll tell you , kids who manipulate electrical tools feel great and secure .
Not exactly .
Let 's go back to plastic .
We collect plastic and reduce the size to the size that we found in the ocean , which is very small , because of their fragmentation .
That we do .
I 'll leave you to the imagination of my students .
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to get into something that we hope it will work .
So , we decided instead of collecting pieces of plastic , just information .
By using a robot , we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids get very excited about robots .
And then we created quickly what we call `` a prototype . ''
We 're so fast at creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch .
And we transformed light bulbs and web cameras , and we assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water and the plastic that we have there , and this is the picture captured by the robot .
We see pieces of plastic floating through the sensor , while the computer on board , process this image and measure the size of each particle , to get a rough estimate of how much plastic you can in the water .
<unk> this <unk> invention on a website for inventors , which is , with the hope that someone will get more will make more .
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem , and bang , they 're trying to fix it immediately .
[ I can investigate my local problem , but my students in Hong Kong are very well-intentioned children .
You see the news , you look at the Internet , and you get stuck with this picture .
A child , maybe less than 10 years old , cleaning an oil spill , just using the hands , in <unk> , the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh .
They were very surprised because this is the water you drink , it 's the water in which you bathe , the water where the fish are in , the place where you live .
You can also see that the water is brown , the mud and the oil is also brown , and when everything mixes , it 's very difficult to see what 's in the water .
But there 's a simple technology called <unk> , which allows you to see what 's in the water .
We built a very first prototype of a <unk> that can light through all kinds of substances that produce different spectra , which can help identify what 's in the water .
Let 's take this prototype with a sensor , and we send it to Bangladesh .
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem , or to analyze a local problem , my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help another children .
I can investigate a problem at a distance , I was forced to do a second experiment , and I wanted to go a little further , maybe to tackle a harder problem , and also closer to me .
I 'm half Japanese and French half , and you may remember , in 2011 , there was a devastating earthquake in Japan .
It was so violent that it triggered several giant waves , calls calls , and those tsunamis destroyed several cities on the East coast of Japan .
Over 14,000 people died in a moment .
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima , a nuclear center nearby to water .
And today , according to the reports , an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean .
Today , the whole Pacific Ocean has traces of pollution by <unk> .
If we go to the west coast , we can measure the radiation of Fukushima everywhere .
But if you look at the map , it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast , and most of them , of course , is safe , it 's blue .
Well , it 's a little bit more complicated than that .
I 've returned to Fukushima every year since the crash and research and independent with other scientists , the land , the river , and this time we wanted to take the kids .
Of course , we did n't have them , the parents were n't allowed .
But every night we reported the center of control -- here you see the use of different masks .
It might seem like they did n't take work seriously , but they did because they 're going to have to live with their whole life .
Together with them , we discuss the data that day and we talked about what we were going to do later , the strategies , the <unk> and so on .
And to do this , we created a <unk> <unk> map of the region of nuclear power plant .
We created the elevation map , we introduced pigment to represent data in real time of radioactivity , and <unk> water to simulate the rain .
With this , we could notice that radioactive powder will occur from the top of the mountain to the <unk> and <unk> system in the ocean .
It was a rough estimate .
But based on this we organized a civil expedition , the closest to the nuclear central plant to date .
We 're approaching a mile of the nuclear power station , and with the help of the fishermen of the area , we were collecting the sea bed with a tracker tracker with a tracking tracking as we invented and build .
Here we see a progression : we 've gone from a local problem to a remote problem , to a global problem .
And it 's been very exciting to work on these different scales , also with open-source and very simple technologies .
But at the same time , it 's been more and more frustrating because we 've only been starting to measure the damage that we 've done .
We have n't even started trying to solve problems .
I wonder if we should take a leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things .
So the classroom became a little bit so small so , we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and turning it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact .
It 's in the Hong Kong center , and it 's a place where we can work with wood , metal , chemistry , a little bit of biology , optics , basically , you can build almost everything there .
It 's also a place where adults and children can play together .
It 's a place where children 's dreams can become reality with the help of adults , and where adults can be children again .
Students : acceleration ! <unk> !
<unk> <unk> : We asked things like : Can we invent the future of mobility in renewable energy ?
For example .
Or can we help in the mobile age population , transforming their standard wheelchair into new electrical vehicles ?
The plastic , the oil and the <unk> are terrible <unk> , but the worst legacy we can leave our kids are the lies .
We ca n't afford to protect children of the horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions .
So , scientists , creators , <unk> , we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and the people , and to really do something about it .
Thank you .
Two twin domes , two radically opposing design cultures .
One is made from thousands of pieces of steel , a single thread of silk .
One of them is synthetic , one of the other organic .
One is imposes on the environment , it creates it .
One is designed by nature , the other one for it .
Michelangelo said that when he looked at the raw marble , he saw a figure that 's going to be free .
The <unk> was just a tool of Michelangelo .
But living things are not <unk> .
They grow .
And in the smallest units of life , the cells , we take all the information required for every cell to work and to replicate .
The tools also have consequences .
At least from the Industrial Revolution , the world 's world has been dominated by rigors of manufacturing and mass production .
The assembly lines have dictated a world from parts , <unk> the imagination of designers and architects to think of their objects as <unk> of discrete parts with different functions .
But you do n't find a lot of <unk> material in nature .
Think about human skin , for example .
Our facial skins are thin with <unk> pores .
The skins of the back are thicker with small pores .
One act mainly as filter , the other mainly as a barrier , and yet it 's the same skin : no parts , there 's no <unk> .
It 's a system that varies its functionality through the variation of elasticity .
Here 's a split screen that represents my view of the world divided , the double personality of every designer and architect to work on between the <unk> and the gene , between the machine and the organism , between the assembly and the growth , between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin .
These two visions of the world , my left hemisphere and the right , analysis and synthesis , shows on the two screens after me .
My job , at its simplest level , tries to bring these two visions of the world , moving away from the assembly and approaching growth .
You 're probably wondering : Why now ?
Why was n't that possible 10 or even five years ago ?
We live in a very special moment in history , a rare moment , where we have four disciplines that offer designers access to the tools that we had never had access to before .
And at the intersection of these four fields , my team and I create .
Please know the minds and the hands of my students .
We design objects , products , structures and tools through scales , large-scale structures , like this robotic arm , in diameter with a <unk> base that was not very far away to print entire buildings , and we print entire buildings to the nanoscale , made of genetically engineered microorganisms in the dark .
Here we have <unk> the latticework , an archetype of old Arab architecture , and it has created a screen where every destination is just size to model the shape of light and heat through it .
In our next project , we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade in Paris with <unk> , it 's like a second skin made from one piece , <unk> in the contours , flexible around the waist .
<unk> with 3D printing collaborator , we printed this layer and 3D skirt without seams between cells , and I 'll show more objects like that .
This helmet combined and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns .
This is the resolution of a human hair .
It 's also the resolution of a scanner scanner .
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments , allowing them to design products that fit not just the shape of our bodies , but also the physiological structure of our tissues .
We 've also designed an acoustic chair , a chair at structural time , comfortable and also absorb sound .
The Carter professor , my collaborator , went back to nature to inspire us , and by designing this <unk> pattern , it becomes <unk> .
We put this surface of 44 different properties , which vary in stiffness , <unk> and color , <unk> the pressure points in the human body .
Their surface , as in nature , varies its functionality not by addition to another material or another assembly , but continuously continuously and delicately that material ownership .
But is the ideal nature ?
There 's no parts in nature ?
I was not raised in a religious Jewish home , but when I was a young man , my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible , and one of them came to me and came to define a lot of what I care about .
As she says , `` On the third day of the Creation , God enables the Earth to grow a <unk> tree . ''
For that first <unk> tree , there would be no difference between trunk , branches , leaves and fruits .
The whole tree was a fruit .
Instead , the land has grown trees with branches , cortex and flowers and flowers .
The land created a world made out of parts .
I often ask , `` What would the design be like if the objects were made from one piece ? ''
Do we have a better state of creation ? ''
So we 're looking for the biblical material , the kind of material of the tree , the tree of the tree , and we found it .
The second <unk> <unk> on the planet is called <unk> , and about 100 million tons produced each year by organisms , crabs , scorpions and butterflies .
We think that if we can tune their properties , we could generate <unk> structures in one piece .
So that 's what we did .
We call it legal <unk> . We 're going to ask a lot of <unk> , <unk> and produced <unk> .
It 's <unk> chemical concentrations , we 've been able to achieve a wide range of properties , from dark , hard and opaque , to the light , soft and transparent .
In order to print the large-scale structures , it 's built a system with multiple amounts nozzles together .
The robot could vary the properties of the material material and create these structures made from a single 3.5 <unk> material , 100 percent recyclable .
When the pieces are ready , you dry them off to find a natural form of contact with the air .
So why do we keep designing with plastic ?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain microorganisms <unk> that first showed on the planet three billion years ago , as we heard yesterday .
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT , we 're tracking the genetically engineered bacteria to capture rapidly carbon in the atmosphere and turn it into sugar .
For the first time , we 've been able to generate structures that make its transition with no <unk> beam , and if it broadens even further , in windows .
A tree <unk> fruit .
Working with an old material , one of the first forms of life on the planet , with abundant water and with a little synthetic biology , we 've transformed a structure made of shrimp husks in an architecture that behaves like a tree .
And here 's the best part : For objects that are designed to biodegrade , placed in the sea , they will reduce marine life , and placed on the ground , they will grow a tree .
The adjustment for our next exploration design principles was the solar system .
We 're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life on <unk> travel .
To do that , we must master bacteria and control their flow .
So as the periodic table , we made our own elements of elements : new forms of life created <unk> , made <unk> and biological form .
I like to think about synthetic biology , like the liquid alchemy , just that instead of <unk> , precious metals are synthesized , new biological functionalities within very small channels .
This field is called microfluidics .
It <unk> our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquids bacterial crops .
In our first piece of clothing , two microorganisms combined .
The first is <unk> .
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater ponds .
And the second , E. coli , the bacteria that inhabit in the human intestine .
One becomes the light in sugar , the other waste sugar and produces useful biofuels for the built environment .
But these two microorganisms , do n't interact in nature .
In fact , they never met .
They are here , designed for the first time , to have a relationship to a piece of clothing .
Think of it as evolution , not by natural selection , but evolution for design .
To contain these relationships , we 've created a single channel that looks like digestive tract , which is going to help you flow over these bacteria and to turn its function on it .
So we start to grow those channels in the human body , and we 're bringing the properties of the material according to functionality we desired .
If we wanted more photosynthesis , they 're more transparent channels .
This is this wearable digestive system , when you stretch from one end to another , 200 meters .
This is half the length of a football field , and 10 times more than our small intestine .
And here it is , as you 're born at TED , our first photosynthetic photosynthetic channels , shining liquid channels within your clothes .
Thank you .
Mary Shelley said , `` We 're in previous prior creatures , only half is made . ''
What if design would get the other half ?
What if we could create structures that are increasing alive ?
What if we could create personal value that will activate our skin , would we save damaged tissue and through our bodies ?
Think of this as a way of editing biology .
I call this material ecology .
For that , you always have to go back to nature .
So , you know , a 3D printer is known to print material into layers .
You also know that nature does n't do that .
It grows . It grows with sophistication .
So this cocoon of the worm , for example , creates a highly sophisticated architecture , a home in which they 're staying .
<unk> does n't get closer to this level of sophistication .
It does it through combining two materials , but two proteins in different concentrations .
One acts as a structure , the other is the glue or the matrix , linking those fibers to each other .
And this happens through scales .
The worm of silk is first turned into the environment , creates a structure of tension , and then it starts pouring a cocoon of compression .
The tension and the compression , the two forces of life , manifest themselves in a single material .
With the end of understanding how this complex process works , we attach a small magnet to the head of a silk worm , to shore .
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors , and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the worm of silk worm .
However , when you put the silk worm in a flat patch , not within a box , we realized that you 're going to be able to make a plane and still <unk> <unk> .
So we started to design different environments , different scaffolding , and we 've discovered that the shape , the composition , the cocoon of the cocoon , is directly transmitted by the environment .
It 's often <unk> the silk worms to death within their cocoons , their silk is released and used in the textile industry .
We saw that designing these templates , we can shape silk silk without boiling a single cocoon .
They 're <unk> <unk> , and we could create these things .
So we actually climb this process up to the architectural scale .
We had a robot attached to making silk paint , and we put ourselves into our site .
We knew that the silk worms were attached to darker and cool areas , so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure .
So we create holes or <unk> , to block the rays of light and heat , bringing silk worms over the structure .
We were prepared to get the caterpillars .
<unk> silk worms to a online silk farm .
And after it will feed four weeks , they were prepared to get involved with us .
We put them very carefully on the bottom of the scaffolding , and as they <unk> , <unk> , <unk> , and life starts again , like us , but a lot more , much shorter .
Bucky Fuller said that tension is the great integrity , and it was right .
When you bring biological silk about <unk> silk , you can see this pavilion , its integrity .
And in a little more than two or three weeks , 4,000 worms from <unk> silk .
In a curious symmetry , this is also the length of the silk route .
The moths , after the <unk> , produce 1.5 million eggs .
This could be used for 250 pavilions in the future .
So here are the two visions of the world .
A <unk> silk through a robotic arm , the other full empty side .
If the latest frontier of design is to give us life and the buildings around us , to form an ecology of two materials , designers must bring together these two visions of the world .
Which brings us back , of course , at the beginning .
Here 's a new design era , a new era of creation , which brings us from an inspired design in nature to an inspired nature of design , which requires us for the first time , that we 're going to give ourselves in charge of nature .
Thank you .
Thank you very much . Thank you .
Raise your hand if you 've ever asked you , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time ?
You can see it with your fingers .
Three . Five . Five . Five . Five .
Now raise your hand if the question `` What do you want to be more of ? ''
It has caused some kind of anxiety .
Any anxiety .
I 'm somebody who could never answer the question , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
The problem was n't that I had no interest , but I had too many .
In school , I liked English , <unk> and art and leading websites . Furthermore , playing the guitar in a punk band called <unk> <unk> .
Maybe you 've heard about us .
And in general I like to try and persist anyway , for having dedicated a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field .
But with time this sense of boredom , this feeling of this , this is no longer a challenge , it comes to <unk> .
And I have to leave it .
But then I 'm going to get through something else , something completely different , and I 'm going to get myself off , and I 'm just going to absorb , and I 'm like , `` Yes ! I 've found that , '' and then again , this point where I start <unk> .
And finally , I want to leave it .
But then I 'd like to discover something new and different , and I 'd like to go into that .
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety , for two reasons .
The first was because I was n't sure how I was going to turn this whole thing into a career .
I thought I had to choose one thing , to deny all of my other passions , and I 'm going to make it <unk> .
Another reason I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal .
I was worried that there was something wrong with this , and a bad thing in me did n't get out of it .
I was worried about being afraid of engagement , or being dispersed , or <unk> or to my own success .
If you can relate my story and these feelings , I 'd like to ask you something that I 'd like to have wondered something that I 'd like to have wondered .
Ask yourself , where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things .
I 'll tell you where they learned it : they learned the culture .
We ask first , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
When we 're about five years old .
And the truth is that nobody cares about what they 're going to do at that age .
A question is considered a naive to provoke nice answers in kids like , `` being an astronaut , '' or `` I want to be pirate '' or `` I want to be pirate . ''
I 'm going to make the Halloween costume here .
So this question is over and over again as we grow up in various forms of , the question , say , in high school students are asking them to choose in college .
And at some point , `` What do you want to be older ? ''
It 's going to be the cute exercise of before what sleep is removed .
Why ?
While this question is inspired by kids to dream with what they might be , not inspires to dream of everything they might be .
In fact , it 's just the opposite , because when someone you ask you what you want to be , you ca n't answer it with 20 different things , even well-intentioned adults might be laugh and say , `` Oh , what 's nice , but you ca n't be artisan for violins and psychologist .
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Childs , and he 's artisan for violins and <unk> .
And Amy Ng , of course turned into <unk> , <unk> , teacher and creative governor .
But most kids do n't hear people like this .
All you hear is they 're going to have to choose .
But it 's more than that .
The notion of focus is very idealized in our culture .
It 's this idea of fate , or the real calling , the idea that each of us has something to do for your time on this land , and you have to figure out what that thing is and to spend your life .
But if you 're somebody who 's not connected in this way ?
What if there are many different topics that wake up your curiosity and lots of different things that you want to do ?
There is no place for someone like one in that framework .
And so you can feel it alone .
You can feel that it does n't have a goal .
And there 's something wrong with one .
There 's nothing wrong in you .
You 're a <unk> .
A <unk> is someone with many interests and creative activities .
It 's a breath for that .
It could help if you divide into three parts : multiple , potential and <unk> .
You can also use other terms of terms that we would take the same idea , as a scholar , <unk> .
During the Renaissance of the Renaissance , the ideal was who was fine in multiple disciplines .
Barbara <unk> refers to us as `` scanners . ''
It 's going to look at any term you like or making yourself .
It seems to me as a kind of fit to a community , we ca n't agree with one identity .
It 's easy to see <unk> as limitation or woe that you should beat .
But what I 've learned about talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website is that there are huge strengths in this way .
Here are three superpowers .
One : the synthesis of ideas .
I mean , the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new at the intersection .
<unk> <unk> and Rachel <unk> expressing their shared shared interests in mapping , visualization , trips , mathematics and design , to set up <unk> .
<unk> is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry .
<unk> and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his eclectic mixed mixture of skills and experiences .
Innovation is happening at intersections .
That 's where new ideas come from .
And the <unk> , with all their background , can access a lot of these points at an intersection .
The second superpower superpower <unk> is fast learning .
When we 're interested in something , we 're going to do it .
We look at everything we can have in our hands .
We 're used to be beginners , because it was many times in the past , and this means that we are less afraid of testing new things and out of our comfort zones .
Now , a lot of skills are attached to other disciplines , and we bring everything that we 've learned to every new area we 're going to pursue , so we rarely start from scratch .
<unk> <unk> is a <unk> , independent writer .
As a pianist got an incredible capacity to develop muscle memory .
Now , she 's the fastest <unk> .
Before we become a writer , <unk> was financial planner .
He had to learn the finest sales of sales , when they were starting their practices , and this ability to write compelling throws for editors .
Rarely is a waste of time to do what you 're attracted to , even if at the end of it .
It 's possible to apply that knowledge into a completely different field , in a way that you could not have anticipated .
The third superpower superpower <unk> is adaptability . That is , the ability to turn into anything that you need in a given situation .
Abe <unk> is sometimes the director of videos , other , <unk> designer , sometimes consultant consultant , sometimes a teacher , and sometimes , apparently , James Bond .
It 's valuable because it does a good job .
He 's even more valuable because it can take some different roles , depending on the needs of their customers .
<unk> Company defines adaptability as the most important ability for development , to thrive in the 21st century .
The economic world changes so quickly and <unk> that are the individuals and organizations that can be able to get to meet the needs of the market , which we can actually thrive .
<unk> of ideas , fast learning and adaptability : three skills where <unk> are very adept , and three skills that could be lost if they 're ready to reduce their goals .
As a society , we have a great interest in encourage the <unk> to be themselves .
We have complex problems , multidimensional right now , and we need <unk> thinkers to deal with them .
Let 's say they are , in their heart , specialists .
They came out of belly knowing that they wanted to be neurosurgeons .
Do n't worry , there 's nothing wrong in you either .
In fact , some of the best teams make up a specialist and a <unk> <unk> .
The specialist can dive deep and put on ideas , and <unk> provides a breadth of knowledge to the project .
It 's a beautiful relationship .
But we should all design lives and careers that are dealing with how we 're connected .
And unfortunately , at large <unk> , they 're helping them not simply be more like their fellow specialized partners .
I once said this , if there 's one thing you 're going to take out of this talk , I hope it 's this : <unk> with your inner wiring , whatever .
If you 're a heart specialist , then , you name it by all the media .
That 's where you will give you the best .
But for the <unk> in the room , including those of you who have just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes , I say , `` Let me be many many passions . ''
Keep your curiosity through those rabbit <unk> .
Find the intersections .
<unk> our inner <unk> leads to a more authentic and happy life .
And perhaps most importantly , <unk> , the world needs !
Thank you .
In the year 1901 , a woman named <unk> was taken to a psychiatric institution .
<unk> <unk> and could n't remember even the most basic details of their life .
His doctor was called <unk> .
<unk> did n't know how to help <unk> them , but they went through it until , unfortunately , passed away in 1906 .
And after his death , <unk> did an autopsy , and they found strange and <unk> plates in the brain of <unk> , of a guy who had never seen before .
The most surprising thing .
If you were to have been alive today , we could n't give it more aid that I had to do 114 years ago .
<unk> was Dr. <unk> Alzheimer 's .
And <unk> <unk> , the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer 's disease .
In fact , medicine has advanced a lot .
We 've discovered antibiotics and vaccines to protect us from infections , many treatments for cancer , drugs for HIV , <unk> for <unk> and much more .
But it 's been moving into Alzheimer 's treatment .
I 'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer 's more than a decade ago .
So I think about this all the time .
Alzheimers now affects 40 million worldwide .
But by 2050 , it will affect 150 million than , by the way , to include many of you .
If you 're expecting to live to 85 , or more , the ability for Alzheimer 's being almost one in two .
In other words , there is the likelihood that you 're going through your years with Alzheimer 's or helping care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer 's .
In America alone , Alzheimer 's health care costs 200 billion dollars every year .
One of five dollars of healthcare is spent in Alzheimer 's disease .
It 's the most expensive disease today , and your costs do require a <unk> increase in 2050 , as the generation of the boomers get older .
It may surprise you , but Alzheimer 's one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation .
But it has been relatively little to <unk> .
Today , one of the top 10 causes of death around the world , Alzheimer 's is the only one that can not prevent or cure or even slow down their development .
We understand less Alzheimer 's disease than other diseases , because we 've spent less time and money in the research of the same .
The U.S. government spends 10 times as much as every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer 's , despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer 's and causes a annual number of deaths like cancer .
The lack of resources is due to one more fundamental cause : lack of consciousness .
Because this is what time people know , but everybody should -- Alzheimer 's disease , and we can cure it .
For most of the last couple of years , everyone , even scientists , <unk> Alzheimer 's disease .
We think it will be <unk> in a normal , inevitable part of aging .
But you only have to look at a picture of an aging brain in comparison with the patient 's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease .
In addition to trigger a severe memory and mental abilities , the damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer 's to significantly greater life expectancy and it 's always deadly .
Remember , Dr. Alzheimer 's found plates and strangers in the brain of <unk> a century ago .
For almost a century , we did n't know much about this .
Today we know that they 're made of protein molecules .
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper it folds as origami .
There are places on the paper that are <unk> .
And when it folds well , these spots on the inside .
But sometimes things go wrong , and some dots are left outside .
This makes the protein molecules stick in between each other , forming groups that can form big plates and this .
That 's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer 's brain .
We 've spent the last 10 years at the University of Cambridge trying to understand how this dysfunction works .
There 's a lot of steps , and identifying what step block is complex , like defuse a bomb .
<unk> a cable could do anything .
<unk> others can make the bomb explode .
You have to find the right step in it , and then create a drug that does it .
Until recently , most of them have reduced the wires and waited best .
But now there 's a diverse group of people , doctors , biologists , a geneticist , chemical , physicists , engineers and mathematicians .
And together , we 've managed to identify a critical step in the process , and now you 're testing a new kind of drugs that blocking this one step to stop the disease .
So let me show you some of our last results .
Nobody out of our lab has seen it yet .
Let 's see some videos of what happened when we test these drugs in worms .
These are the healthy worms , and you can see that they move with normal .
These worms , on the other hand , have molecules of protein that stick into each other , as humans with Alzheimer 's disease .
And you can see that they 're clearly sick .
But when we give our new drugs to these worms at an early stage , then we see that heal and live a normal life .
This is just an initial result , but research like this sample that Alzheimer 's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure .
After 114 years of waiting years , there 's real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years .
But so it grows up that hope , from overcoming Alzheimer 's , we need help .
It 's not scientists like me , it 's about you .
We have to argue that Alzheimer 's disease , and that if we tried it , we can do it .
In the case of other diseases , the patients and their families have gotten more research and hard research on governments , a pharmaceutical industry , about scientists and legislators .
That was essential to advance HIV treatment in the late 1980s .
Today we see that same unit to defeat cancer .
But Alzheimer 's patients often ca n't talk for themselves .
And their families , the hidden victims , the hidden victims of their loved ones , and night , they 're often too dangerous to get out and advocate for change .
So , it really depends on you .
Alzheimers is not , in most cases , a genetic disease .
Everybody with a brain running the risk .
Today , there are 40 million patients like <unk> , who ca n't create the change they need to do .
<unk> by talking for them , and help demand a cure .
Thank you .
I published this article in the New York Times column in January of this year .
In love with somebody , do this .
The article is about a psychological study , designed to create romantic love in the lab , and of my own experience to prove myself one night last summer .
So the procedure is pretty simple : Two strangers were going to be asked to get more and more personal questions and then both look into your eyes without talking for four minutes .
Here 's a couple of questions of example .
Number 12 : If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability , what would it be ?
Number 28 : When was it the last time you get to another person ?
And just ?
mediated us up , these are increasingly personal .
Number 30 : I think I really like -- Tell your partner what you like about it or her -- I know very honest this time , and I gave things that you would n't say to somebody you 've recently met .
When I stumbled across this study a few years ago , a very detail really struck me , the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to the ceremony .
So , it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love , but of course , I was also intrigued .
And when I had the time that I was trying to test this study , with somebody I knew not particularly a particularly good thing , I did n't expect me to go .
But we did fall in love , and I thought it was a good story , so I send them to the Modern Love column a few months later .
That was published in January , and now it 's in August , so I guess some of you probably ask yourself , `` They go together ?
And the reason I think this question is because they 've made me already this question over and over the last seven months .
And this question is just what I want to talk about today .
But let 's go back to it .
A week before I was published the article was very nervous .
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years , so I 'd been encouraged to write about my experience in romantic love on my blog .
But a blog entry can come to a few hundred views like a lot , and those were usually just my Facebook friends and imagined that my article in the New York Times would have probably had a thousand views .
And that came up with a relatively new load of attention in a relatively new relationship .
But as he did , I had no idea .
The paper was published on Friday night , and on Saturday , this happened in the traffic of my blog .
And Sunday , I had already called the `` Show Show and the Good <unk> America . ''
In one month , the article received more than eight million hits , and I was , to say something , little prepared for this kind of attention .
One thing is to foster trust by writing honestly about their own experiences , but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news , and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship .
And when people called it or write , what they did every day for weeks , always , they did first the same question : yet still together ?
In fact , when I was preparing this talk , I did a quick search in the mailbox of my email with the sentence , `` Still still together ? ''
And several messages came immediately .
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this .
I was interviewed on the radio and they asked .
Even , I gave a talk , and a woman screamed at the stage , `` Hey ? Where 's your boyfriend ? ''
And I immediately threw red .
I understand that this is part of the deal .
If you write about your relationship in an international journal , you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it .
But I was not prepared for the <unk> of the answer .
The 36 questions seemed to have seen their own life .
In fact , the New York Times ran a complementary article for Valentine 's Day , who included readers the experiences of readers when they test the study in their different degrees of success .
So , my first impulse to all this attention was to be very secretive with my own relationship .
I said not to every request that we both did a public emergence together .
I put on TV interviews , and he refused to take pictures of the photos of us two .
I think I was afraid of becoming the icons of the <unk> of the <unk> , a range for the one that I did n't feel like I was at all .
And I understand that people did n't want to know only if the study worked , they wanted to know if it was really capable of producing <unk> love , not just an adventure , but real love , <unk> love .
But this was a question that I did n't feel able to answer .
My relationship was just a few months , and I felt , especially , that people made the wrong question .
How do you know if we would push together or not , and then you just say ?
If the answer was n't , I would make the experience of making these 36 questions less interesting ?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997 , and there , the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love .
Instead , I was searching foster interpersonal approach between college students , using what Aron was called <unk> and sustained , progressive , reciprocal personal .
It sounds romantic , right ?
But the study did work .
The participants were closer to doing it , and several later studies also used the <unk> <unk> protocol as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers .
They 've used it between members of the police and the community , and they 've used it between people of opposite political ideologies .
The original version of the story , which I tried last summer , which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact , was cited in this article , but unfortunately it never published .
A few months ago , I was giving a talk at a small liberal arts university , and then a student came up to me and he said to me with torture : I tried the study and did n't work .
He seemed kind of puzzled by it .
And I : Do you want to say that you 'd get rid of the person who you did ?
Well he made a pause .
I think she just wants to be friends .
And I said , but became better friends ?
Did you feel that you could get better know after you test the study ?
He nodded .
So , it worked . ''
I do n't think that was the answer that he was looking for .
In fact , I do n't think it 's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love .
I stumbled across the studio for the first time when I was 29 , and I was just going through a really difficult separation .
I had had that relationship since I had 20 , which was almost all my adult life , and he was my first adult love , and I had no idea how or if I could live without him .
So I turned to science .
And I did everything I could find about the science of romantic love , and I expected that that sort of <unk> the heart .
I do n't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just did research for the book that I was writing but in retrospect , it seems really obvious .
I thought , if you built me with the knowledge of romantic love , I would never have to feel as bad and just as I sat then .
And this whole knowledge has been useful in one another .
I 'm more patient with love . I 'm more relaxed .
I have more confidence to demand what I 'm looking for .
But I can also see me more clearly , and I can realize that what I 'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me to me .
What I 'm looking for love is a guarantee , not just to be loved today and loved tomorrow , but to continue to be loved indefinitely for the person I love .
It may be the guarantee that people would ask when they wanted to know if they were still together .
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love with .
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something of implicit risk , and this is a very appealing story , because in love it makes us feel beautifully , but it 's also terrifying .
But I think when it comes to love , we 're very willing to accept the short version of the story .
The version of the story that question : still still together ?
And their content with an answer of S or not .
So more than a question , would propose we make questions more difficult , questions like , how do you decide who deserves your love and who 's not ?
How do I stay in love when things get tough , and how do you know when to cut and distance them ?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably leads to a relationship , or even more , how do you live in doubt about your partner ?
I do n't necessarily know the answers to these questions , but I think it 's a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone .
So , if you want the short version of the story of my relationship , it 's this one -- a year ago , a known year , and I applied a study designed to create romantic love , we fall in love , we still follow together , and I 'm very happy .
But in love , it 's not the same as to stay in love .
<unk> is the easy part .
So at the end of my article I wrote : The love did n't happen .
They fall in love because we take the choice to be .
And I wince little bit about reading it now , not because it 's not true , but because at the time , I had n't considered everything that was supposed to do .
He did n't consider how many times we would make that decision , and how much sometimes I will have to keep making that choice without knowing if he always chose me or not .
I want it to be enough to have done and responded 36 , having chosen to love someone so generous , kind and fun and have expressed that choice in the largest American diary .
But what I 've done , instead , is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I do n't really think of .
And what I 'm looking for , and what maybe I spend my life looking for is that that myth is true .
I want the happy ending to implicit in the title of my article , which is , by the way , the only part of the article I did n't actually wrote .
But what I have instead is the opportunity to choose someone , and the hope that he will love me , and it 's terrifying , but that 's the deal with love .
Thank you .
I was raised by some lesbian , and in a way , I was raised as a <unk> of the forest .
In New York City a time ago , something that really affected me but more details later .
I 'll start with when I was eight .
I took a wooden box , and I would give you a dollar bill , a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado .
And I thought that some strange humanoid , or a little aliens would find this box about 500 years later , and let 's figure out how our species exchanging ideas , for example , how we eat spaghetti .
I had no idea .
Anyway , it 's funny because here I am , 30 years later , and I 'm still doing boxes .
At a time , I was in Hawaii -- I like going on a field trip and surf and all those weird stuff -- and I was making a collage for my mother .
And I took a dictionary and I took him all over the pages and I took a kind of <unk> <unk> like that Agnes Martin , and I covered it in resin and a bee was stuck .
Well , my mother is afraid of honeybees , and it 's <unk> to them , so I put more resin on the canvas , thinking that I could make it <unk> .
Instead , it happened , in a way , it felt like it grew up size , as if it was that you 're going to grab the text on a magnifying glass .
So I did ? I built more boxes .
This time , I started adding electronics , frogs , strange bottles that I was finding out on the street , everything I could find , because I was looking for things all my life , trying to relate it and tell stories about these objects .
So I started drawing around objects , and I realized that God can draw in space .
I can flow from <unk> , drawing just like it 's made about a dead body in the crime scene .
And I pulled out the objects and created my own taxonomy of individuals invented .
First , botanical -- that you 'll be able to get an idea .
Then I made some insects and strange creatures .
It was so much fun to draw in the resin layers .
And it was great , because I started to mount exhibitions and those things , and I was making some money , to take my girlfriend out for dinner , for example , going to <unk> .
It was great , man .
At some point I got interested in the human form , a poster of a natural size of human beings with drawings of human beings within the layers .
It was great , except for one thing : I was dead .
I did n't know what to do , because the resin was going to kill me .
And I went to bed every night thinking about it .
So I tried to use glass .
I started drawing on the glass layers , similar to the drawing in a window , then another window and another window , and I had all these windows together together that are three-dimensional composition .
And this really worked , and so I could stop using the resin .
So I did this for years , and my work was going to be very big with something very big , which I call `` triptych . ''
For the triptych , I was inspired by a big measure in `` The Origin of Species , '' from Hieronymus Bosch , which is a painting in the <unk> Museum in Spain .
You know it ?
Well , it 's a fantastic picture .
They say it 's a little bit ahead of their time .
Well , the triptych . I want to explain this piece .
It weighs 11 pounds .
30 feet long .
It has double face , so it 's 10 feet of composition .
It 's kind of weird .
Well , that 's the source of blood .
On the left , it 's Jesus and <unk> .
There 's a cave where all of these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds .
They 're going from the world of representation , this analog mesh underworld where they hide .
Here is where creatures with heads of animals are headed for the <unk> , ready to kill themselves in mass <unk> in the ocean .
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements .
This is a bird god tied to a <unk> .
Billy Graham is in the sea ; it 's the Horizon platform of the <unk> Philharmonic ; the shelter of Osama Bin Laden , there 's all kinds of weird stuff that you can find if you look very well in the ocean .
But anyway , some kind of <unk> .
It 's coming out of the ocean , and it spits out oil in a hand while the other hand comes out clouds .
Their hands are like <unk> , and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance .
So it 's a aspect of the triptych .
It 's a little bit of a narrative .
That 's the hand that spits out .
And then , when you go to the other side , it has a nose , like a bird 's peak , and spitting clouds from this nose .
It also has a <unk> <unk> , long feet long a snake tail that joins the gallery .
Anyway , his tail turns off fire in a volcano .
I do n't know why it happened .
Things that go on , you know .
His tail ends up in a eyeball in <unk> , which was made by 1986 .
Have you seen them ?
They were done in the 1980s , as if they were baseball card cards .
It brings me up . This brings me to my last project .
I 'm in the middle of two projects : One is called `` <unk> . ''
It 's a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings .
Each is an archive of our culture , through media and material to be encyclopedias , dictionaries or magazines .
But each one acts as a kind of archive in the way of being human , and travel in groups of 20 , four or 12 at the time .
They 're like cells , they 're all together , divide .
And you can walk between them . It 's getting me years .
Each one is basically a <unk> microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human being inside .
This has a little cave on his chest .
That 's the head ; it 's the chest , you can <unk> the input .
I 'm going to join you with the rest of your body : there 's a waterfall coming out of your chest , and that you cover the penis or <unk> , or whatever you have , a kind of <unk> thing .
It 's a quick practice of these works because I ca n't afford it for a long time .
We have layers , you can see .
This is a game body in half .
This has two heads , and it 's communicating between the two .
There 's a few pills coming out and come into the head of this odd statue .
There 's a little forest scene in the rib cavity .
Can you see it ?
Anyway , this talk is about these boxes , just like the boxes we live in .
We 're in a box , the solar system is a box .
This brings me to my last box .
It 's a brick box . It 's called Pioneer Pioneer .
Within this box there is a physicist , a neuroscientist , a painter , a writer , a writer , a radio station , a museum , a school , an editorial arm , that it spreads the whole content that it spreads the world , and a garden .
<unk> the box and all the people in inside bumps each other as particles .
And I think that 's how to change the world .
When you redefines who is and the box that you 're living in .
And together we get to realize that we are all together in this , that this illusion that we are different , these concepts of countries , from borders , of religion , does n't work .
We 're all very facts about the same stuff and in the same box .
And if we do n't start trading those things with sweetness , and HSBC we 're all going to die very soon .
Thank you very much .
What do they do when they hurt their head ?
They take an aspirin .
But so that this pill has effect against pain , first passes through your stomach , your bowels and other organs .
It 's going to take a pill is the most effective and <unk> system so that any drug will actually influence your body .
The downside , however , is that by <unk> any drug is being made up .
And this is a big problem , especially in HIV patients .
When you take antiretroviral drugs , these are <unk> to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood , and increase the count of cells .
But they also are known for their adverse side effects , mostly negative , because in the time that it takes to get to blood 's blood , they 'll get off , and worse even for the time that it takes to reach their destination , which is where it 's more important : in the warehouse of HIV .
These are the body regions like the lymph nodes , the nervous system , the nervous system , where the virus is sitting idle and it does n't easily go into the bloodstream of the patients that go back to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs .
However , after the disruption of treatment , the virus can wake up and infect new blood cells .
This is the big problem of HIV treatment with current drugs that is a life treatment run by the oral tracks .
So one day , I sat down and I thought , `` Could we get the treatment directly to the virus warehouse , without the risk of <unk> drugs ? ''
As a scientist in lasers , the answer was in front of me : the lasers , of course .
If you 're used in dentistry , for the wounds of diabetes and diabetes surgery , you can be used for anything imaginable , including <unk> transport .
In fact , we 're using laser pulses to open up or drill <unk> holes , which open up and close and close the cells with the HIV infected with HIV .
You 're asking , `` How is that possible ? ''
We sent a little laser and <unk> laser membrane on the cellular membrane with HIV , while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug .
So the laser is going through the cell , whereas the cell will absorb the drug in a matter of microseconds .
Before you even notice , the hole is immediately <unk> .
We 're testing this technology in vitro or new plates , but the goal is to take this technology to the human body , apply it to the human body .
`` How is that possible ? '' You can ask .
Well , the answer is , through a <unk> device .
With the first head , which is our laser , we 'll make an incision on the site of infection .
The second head , which is a camera , is headed to the infection .
Finally , the third head , a <unk> that distributes the drug , releases it directly into the site of infection , while the laser is used again to keep cells open .
Well , this does n't seem a lot of time .
But one day , if you succeed , this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body .
Yeah . A cure for HIV .
This is the dream of all HIV studies -- in our case , a laser treatment .
Thank you .
In the last decade , I 've been studying armed groups : armed organizations -- military organizations , insurgents or militia .
And what these groups do when they 're not shooting .
My goal is to understand better to these generators from violence and study ways to encourage the transition from violent participation to violent confrontation .
I do fieldwork , in the world of politics and in the library .
Understanding these groups is key to solve almost all conflict in course , because war has changed .
It used to be a dispute between states .
No .
It 's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors .
For example , the <unk> agreements agreements between 1975 and 2011 , <unk> had signed up between a state and a non-governmental actor .
So we need to understand these groups , we even need to be <unk> or <unk> in any successful process of successful conflict .
But how do you do that ?
We need to know what these organizations motivates .
We know very well the reasons they fight , how they do it , but nobody analyzes what they do when they do n't fight .
The armed struggle and the policies are connected .
It 's all part of the same organization .
We ca n't understand these groups , not much less <unk> , without a global view .
The armed groups today are complex organizations .
For example , the Lebanese Lebanese , known for his violent skies against Israel .
From its creation in the 1980s , <unk> has also established a political party , a social services network and a military device .
Similarly , the Palestinian speaker , known for his suicide attacks against Israel , also runs the Gaza Strip since 2007 .
So these groups make more than just shooting .
They 're multitasking .
It 's a complex complex machinery : radio stations , TV channels , online websites and strategies in social networks .
And here you have the magazine magazine , printed printed in English and published to recruit .
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising funds , but by using cost-effective businesses , for example , construction companies .
These activities are key .
They allow these groups to increase their strength , increase their funds , to recruit better and build their brand .
armed groups do something more : they create stronger ties with their population investing in social services .
They build schools , run hospitals , put in professional training programs or microfinance .
<unk> offers all these services and more .
armed groups are trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state does n't deliver : safety and protection .
The rise of the Taliban in Afghanistan torn by the war , or even the rise of ISIS rise , can also be able to look at the efforts of these groups for delivering security .
Unfortunately , in these cases , security has a high price for the population .
But in general , to provide social services , it means filling a vacuum , a <unk> gap , and it allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power .
For example , the electoral victory of 2006 in 2006 ca n't be understood without recognizing the social work of the group .
It 's a really complex stage , even in the West , when we look at armed groups , we only think about the violent side .
But that 's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups , the strategy or vision for the long term .
These groups are hybrids .
They grow up because they fill it up because they fill it up for the government , and they emerge like armed and political groups , they participate in violent struggle and they get governance .
And as the more complex and sophisticated , these organizations are , less , we can <unk> them as something as opposed to a state .
How do I call a group like <unk> ?
They 're part of an territory , they manage all of their functions , they collect the garbage , they manage the sewer system .
Is it a state ? Is it a rebel group ?
Or maybe it 's something else , something new and different .
And what is ISIS ?
The lines would be broken .
We live in a world of states , of nations and hybrids , and the weaker the states , like in the Middle East , more leverage and filling that gap into non-governmental actors .
This is important for governments , because to counter these groups , they will have to invest more in military tools .
It has to be in the center of the government has to be at the center of any sustainable approach .
This is really important to establish and put peace together .
If we understand the armed groups , they will understand better what incentives offer to foster the transition from violence to nonviolence .
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors , military power can make some battles , but not peace and stability .
In order to achieve these goals , we need long-term investments to fill in that vacuum of security , to fill out that vacuum of governance that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle .
Thank you .
I 'm a failure as a woman and a feminist .
My opinions about gender equality are <unk> , but I 'm afraid to accept openly the feminist label would be unfair for feminist .
I 'm a feminist , but pretty bad .
And therefore , I would get myself a bad feminist .
Or at least , I wrote an article , and a book called `` The <unk> feminist , '' and then in the interviews , people started calling the <unk> <unk> .
So what started as a personal joke destined for myself and a deliberate provocation , has become a bigger thing .
Let me take a step back .
When I was a young man , especially in my youth and at the age of 20 , I had strange ideas about feminists , these women are <unk> , against the men and hated sex , as if that was something bad .
Today , I see how women are treated all around the world and anger , in particular , it looks like a perfectly reasonable answer .
But at the time , I was worried about the tone that I was using the people who could be a feminist .
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation , a taboo and unpleasant word .
I was <unk> as a woman who does n't follow the rules , who calls too much , with high self-esteem and dare to believe it 's equal to a man .
Nobody wants to be that unruly woman , until he realizes that it 's actually that woman and ca n't imagine being another person .
Over time , as I grew up , I began to accept that I am , in fact , feminist , and also , I proud to be .
For me , certain claims are <unk> : women are equal to men .
It 's the same wages for the same work .
We have right to travel around the world as <unk> , free of harassment or violence .
We have right to use it in a easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services .
We have the right to decide about our bodies , without needing legislative controls or doctrines .
We have the right to respect .
There 's more .
When you talk about the needs of women , you have to have in account our other identities .
We 're not just women .
We are people with a different body , expression of gender , religion and sexuality , and the social condition , skills and much more .
We have to have to account these differences and how they affect us , the same way that matters what we have in common .
Without these inclusion , our feminism is nothing .
For me , these truths are evident , but to be clear : I 'm a disaster .
I 'm full of contradictions .
There 's a lot of things that make me a bad feminist .
I have another confession .
When I lead to work , I listen to rap music to all volume .
Although the letter degrades women and it offends me deeply , the classic `` Salt <unk> , '' from Yin Yang <unk> is incredible .
`` Do you actually with your wet t-shirt .
Take it , give it , <unk> until it hurts the shell ! ''
Think about it .
<unk> poetry , right ?
I 'm completely mortified for my musical tastes .
I firmly believe in the work of man , which is all I do n't want to do , including -- all domestic tasks , but also killing insects , the garbage collection , the <unk> and <unk> maintenance .
I do n't want to have anything to do with that .
The rose is my favorite color .
I love the fashion magazines and the nice things .
I can see `` The <unk> '' and visually comedies , and I 've got absurd fantasies of the fairy tales of fairy tales that are true .
Some of my crimes are more <unk> .
If a woman wants to adopt the name of her husband , it 's his choice , and I 'm not who to judge .
If a woman decides to stay home to raise her kids , I accept that choice , too .
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice , the problem is that our society is <unk> so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose .
We fix this problem .
We had the conventional feminism who has ignored or springs historically the needs of women 's women , the workers , gay , trans and trans , favor of white , heterosexual , middle-class .
Listen , if that 's good feminism is a very bad feminist .
It also happens , as a feminist , I feel a lot of pressure .
We have this tendency to put highlighted feminist on a pedestal .
We hope that we 're getting perfection .
When we get distracted , we take them with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them .
As I said , I 'm a disaster ; I 've already been pleased with that pedestal before you try to put me there .
So many women , particularly innovative and leaders , are afraid of being tagged like feminist .
They 're afraid to stand up and say , `` Yes , I 'm a feminist , '' because of the fear of what that sticker means , in fear , not to be able to fulfill the short expectations .
Let 's take an example to <unk> , or as I call it , the Goddess .
In the last few years , it 's a senior feminist .
In the 2014 <unk> 2014 , in MTV , they acted in front of the word `` feminist '' three feet high .
It was a wonderful show , watching this star of pop embracing the feminism star , and to know the women and the young men who become a feminist is something to be proud of .
<unk> the time , cultural critics started endless if they were n't just feminist .
We had their feminism , instead of simply believing the word of an adult and grown woman .
<unk> perfection from feminists , because we 're still fighting a lot , we want a lot , we need so freaking a lot .
We 're much beyond the sane and constructive criticism , to put the feminism of any woman , <unk> until there is nothing left .
We do n't need to do that .
The bad feminism , or rather , a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure .
But what happens next ?
We 've gone from recognizing our imperfections to accounts , to go to action and be a little more brave .
If I hear degrading music , I 'm creating a demand for artists that would be happier to providing an unlimited supply .
These artists will not change their way of talking about women in their songs until <unk> change actually affecting their profit .
It 's certainly hard .
Why does his music have to be so energized ?
It 's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice .
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality , the equality we all deserve , and is our responsibility .
I think of my nieces , three and four years old .
It 's two great , beautiful , shiny girls , and also very brave . I want you to grow up in a world .
Where you really appreciate them from strong creatures that are .
I think of them , all of a sudden , the best choice is as much easier to do .
We can all make better decisions .
We can change the channel when a television program is all about sexual violence against women like sport , <unk> the Game of <unk> .
We can change the radio station when we hear songs that treat women like nothing .
We can spend our money to go to the movie somewhere else when movies do n't treat women more than as decorative objects .
We can stop supporting professional sports workers where athletes treat their mates as a boxing officer .
In any case , men , especially white men , can say , `` No , I 'm not going to publish in your magazine , to participate in your project , or work with you , until you do n't have enough women , so much to participate as making decisions .
I 'm not going to work with you until your publication , or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
And those of us who are <unk> , but we 're going to try to participate in these kinds of projects , we can also <unk> them to be even more like us welcome to overcome barriers to decision positions .
Because we 're not a <unk> groupers , no longer these efforts , without taking these positions , our accomplishments are going to mean very little .
We can make these little acts of bravery and hope that our decisions will come to the top , the people in the power directors and film and music , CEOs , CEOs , people who can make great decisions , more courageous , to create lasting , meaningful change .
We can also claim to courage our feminism , well , bad , or whatever .
The last line of my book `` Bad <unk> , '' says , `` I 'm afraid to be a bad feminist unless . ''
This is true because of many reasons , but I say , above all , because the ancient days my voice was stolen to me , and the feminism helped me <unk> .
There was one incident .
I call it the incident to tackle what happened .
A few kids would tell me when I was very young , and I did n't know that kids can do this to a girl .
They treated me as if it was nothing .
I started to believe that it was nothing .
He claimed my voice , and after all , I did n't intend to believe something that might matter .
But -- I was writing .
And I went back to <unk> .
I stood in a stronger version of myself .
The words of those women who could understand a story like mine , and the women who looked like me and they understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin .
I read the words of the women who showed me that it was nothing .
I learned to write like them , and then I learned to write like myself .
I found my voice again , and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure .
And through the writing and feminism , I also found that if I was a little bit brave , another woman could hear me and see me and realize that none of us is all that the world is trying to tell us we are .
In one hand , I have the power to do anything .
And in the other , I hold the humiliating reality that I 'm just a woman .
I 'm a bad feminist , I 'm a good woman , I 'm trying to improve my way of thinking , what I say and what I do , without leaving everything that makes me human .
I hope that we can all do the same thing .
I hope that we can all be a little bit brave , when it 's needed about it .
Just after Christmas last year , <unk> children in California have had any measles for having visited Disneyland or to be exposed to somebody who had been there .
The virus then went through the border with Canada , infecting more than 100 children in Quebec textbooks .
One of the tragic things of this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal to a child with a <unk> immune system , is one of the most easily preventable disease in the world .
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century , but a lot of the children involved in the Disneyland outbreak were not immunized because their parents were afraid of something supposed to be even worse : autism .
But a moment , it was n't the article that unleashed the argument about autism and vaccines should be infamous and marked by being a willful fraud for the British Medical Journal ?
Do n't believe most intelligent scientists than vaccines cause autism ? Is it a stupidity ?
I think most of you know it , but millions of parents around the world are still to keep vaccines going to be endangered to their children of having autism .
Why ?
Here 's why .
This is a graph of estimates of the rise of autism in time .
For most of the 20th century , autism was considered a very rare disease .
And the few psychologists and pediatricians I 'd heard about it is to create all his professional life without seeing one case .
For decades , the prevalence estimates continued only just three or four children for every 10,000 .
But then in the 1990s , the numbers started shooting .
fundraising workers like <unk> <unk> refer to autism as an epidemic , as if he could catch another child at Disneyland .
What 's going on ?
If it 's not the vaccines , what is it ?
If you ask people from the Center for Disease Control , what 's going on , tend to be based on sentences as `` <unk> diagnostic , '' and `` A better detection of cases to explain these growing figures .
But that kind of language does n't dissipates a lot of the fears of a young mother who looks for the face of his two-year-old son , visual contact .
If the diagnosis criteria had a broader , why were they so close to the beginning ?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s ?
Five years ago , I decided to figure out the answers to these questions .
I learned that what happened is that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress that with the seductive power of storytelling .
For most of the 20th century , doctors told a story about what autism and how it was discovered , but that story turned out to be false , and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health .
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature .
This second story tells us all about how we got here and where we need to go .
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist , Leo <unk> at Johns Hopkins , Leo <unk> , at Johns Hopkins -- in 1943 , <unk> published an article that describes 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds , <unk> people around them , even their own parents .
They could have fun for hours by waving their hands in their faces , but they were gripped by <unk> as when they do n't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them .
On the basis of the patients ' patients in their clinic , <unk> speculated that autism is very rare .
For the 1950s , as the world 's leading authority on the subject , I declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while they pick up references from as distant places as South Africa .
This is actually no surprise , because the criteria for the diagnosis of autism were very <unk> .
For example , I 'm going to give that diagnosis to children with convulsions , but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism .
Once he was reminded that he had become nine of every 10 children sent out for other doctors to her office to be autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism .
<unk> was a smart man , but part of his theories were n't <unk> .
There 's autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold , cold parents .
These kids , he said , they 've been very carefully on a refrigerator that does n't stop .
At the same time , though , I noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that cluster in certain areas like music and mathematics and memory .
One of the kids in their clinic could tell between 18 symphonies before they turned two .
When her mother put one of his favorite records , he correctly said , `` Beethoven . ''
But I had a bad opinion of these skills , claiming things like children were simply regurgitating out what they had heard of their parents <unk> , desperate to win their approval .
As a result , autism became a source of shame for families , and two autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good , becoming invisible to the world in general .
Surprisingly , it was n't until the 1970s , the researchers started testing the <unk> theory that autism was weird .
<unk> <unk> , a cognitive psychologist in London , thought that the theory of mother 's mother was going to be quite stupid .
She and her husband John were warm and <unk> people , and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie .
<unk> and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like <unk> , no special education , and no access to other resources without a diagnosis .
To defend the National Service Service , they needed more resources for <unk> children and their families , <unk> and his colleague of Judith Gould decided to do something that should be done 30 years before .
They did a study of autism prevalence in the general population .
We took a suburb from London called <unk> to try and find autistic children in the community .
What they saw made sure that the <unk> model was too limited , because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse .
Some children could n't speak at all , whereas others were steeped in their fascination with astrophysics , on dinosaurs or in genealogy of <unk> .
In other ways , these kids did n't fit in beautiful , <unk> boxes , as Judith said , and they saw a lot more , much more than the monolithic elephant model would have predicted .
At first , they were lost for trying to make sense of their data .
How did no one ever realized these kids before ?
But then , I found a reference to an article published in 1944 in 1944 , the next year by <unk> , and then I forgot , buried under the ashes of a terrible time nobody wanted to remember .
<unk> knew about this article on the competition , but I avoided her in his own work .
There was n't even an English translation , but luckily , the <unk> husband was talking German , and he translated it for her .
The document offers an alternative story of autism .
His author was a man named Hans Asperger 's , who was running a clinic integrated with a boarding school in Vienna in the 1930s .
The ideas of Asperger 's teaching children were <unk> even for contemporary standards .
The morning in their clinic started with music lessons , and the kids were still their games on Sundays .
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism , it described it as a lifelong disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and tuned spaces over the course of all life .
Instead of treating the kids in their clinic as patients , Asperger calls them their little teachers , and he dedicated to help in the developing methods of education that were especially adequate for them .
Basically , Asperger 's saw the autism as a diverse continuum that spanned an amazing variety of gifts and disabilities .
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common , and they 've always been , looking at aspects of this continuum in events known in pop culture as the awkward social scientist and the <unk> teacher .
He went beyond it even to say , that for success and art , one bit of autism is essential .
And Judith and Judith figured out that he was wrong with the autism was <unk> , as well as the parents were the causal ones .
Over the next few years , they worked quietly with the American Association of trauma to expand the criteria of diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called the autistic spectrum .
By the end of the '80s and the early '90s , their changes came into force , by replacing the <unk> model of <unk> by a wide and inclusive .
These changes did n't fall in broken off .
He turned out , when he was <unk> and Judith worked with the two criteria , people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time .
Before I went out in 1988 , just a little circle , <unk> , just a little circle , <unk> by experts , knew what autism was , but after the unforgettable performance of Dustin Hoffman , like Raymond <unk> and `` Rain Man Man '' with four prize prize , pediatricians , psychologists , teachers around the world knew what autism was .
At the same time , the first time they were introduced to really easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism .
I should n't have a connection to that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son .
The combination of `` Rain Man , '' the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect , a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism .
The number of diagnoses started to rise , just like they predicted <unk> and Judith , in fact they hoped that it was , getting people with autism and their families finally <unk> the support and services that they deserved .
So Andrew <unk> came to blame vaccines for the rise to the <unk> , a very powerful , seductive story , seductive story and seductive story is as bad as the <unk> theory that autism was <unk> .
If the current estimate at the center of each 68 children in America are in the spectrum , it 's right , the autistic are one of the largest minority groups in the world .
In the last few years , autistic people have joined the Internet to refuse the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances , <unk> the term `` <unk> , '' to celebrate the varieties of human cognition .
So one way to understand the <unk> is to think about terms of human operating systems .
The fact that a PC does not work with Windows , does n't mean it 's broken .
According to <unk> standards , the normal human brain is easily <unk> , social equity , and it suffers from a attention deficit .
No doubt , autistic people are struggling to live in a world not built for them .
70 years later , we 're still catching Asperger , which believed that the `` cure '' for the most autism aspects of autism are found in understanding the teachers , employers with ability , communities of support , and parents with faith in the potential of their children .
An autistic woman named <unk> <unk> once said , `` We need all the hands on cover for the ship of humanity . ''
As we browse to an uncertain future , we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society .
We can not afford to waste a brain .
Thank you .
